<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="formatting-expectations">
    <title>Formatting expectations</title>
    <shortdesc>DITA is a standard that supports the creation of
    human-readable content. Accordingly, DITA defines fundamental document
    components. Since there is a reasonable expectation that such document
    components be formatted consistently, we suggest the following
    conventions.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section>
            <p>
                <draft-comment author="robander" time="25 May 2021">I can't
          remember … is this expected to include the content of every
          "Rendering expectations" section in this spec, or did we have a
          distinction between rendering and formatting? Right now it seems
          pretty inconsistent, for example we say chdeschd is bold here but
          that topic doesn't have a "rendering" section, while codeblock
          here says to use monospace but doesn't say anything about the
          required white-space and newlines.<p>If there is a distinction,
            I've already forgotten it, so we should probably explain here
            what the difference is.</p><div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 06 October 2022</p>
            <p>Yes, we make a clear distinction between "rendering" and
              "formatting". Formatting is NEVER normative. It's always
              implementation specific. Your implementation might decide to
              format bold elements using purple text.</p>
            <p>"Rendering" is normative. For example, we state that
                <xmlelement>stepsection</xmlelement> elements (if
              rendered), must not be numbered.</p>
          </div></draft-comment>
            </p>
        </section>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1">
            <title>Formatting expectations for DITA elements</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="4*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Element</entry>
                        <entry>Suggested formatting</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>chdeschd</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Apply bold highlighting to the contents of the
                                <xmlelement>chdeschd</xmlelement> element.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>choicetable</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Unless the <xmlatt>keycol</xmlatt> attribute is set to
                                    <keyword>0</keyword>, processors typically apply bold
                                highlighting to the contents of the "Option" column.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>choptionhd</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Apply bold highlighting to the contents of the
                                <xmlelement>choptionhd</xmlelement> element.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>codeblock</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Use a monospaced font for the contents of the
                                <xmlelement>codeblock</xmlelement> element.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>codeph</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Use a monospaced font for the contents of the
                                <xmlelement>codeph</xmlelement> element.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>menucascade</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Separate <xmlelement>uicontrol</xmlelement> elements with a character
                            to represent the menu cascade.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>numcharref</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Surround the contents of the <xmlelement>numcharref</xmlelement>
                            element with a leading ampersand (&amp;) and a trailing semi-colon
                            (;).</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>parameterentity</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Surround the contents of the <xmlelement>numcharref</xmlelement>
                            element with a leading percentage sign (%) and a trailing semi-colon
                            (;).</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>screen</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Enclose the contents of the <xmlelement>screen</xmlelement> element
                            with a box to suggest a computer display screen.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>shortcut</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Highlight the keyboard shortcut with underlining.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>syntaxdiagram</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Traditionally, the syntax diagram is formatted with "railroad tracks"
                            that connect the units of the syntax together, but the presentation
                            might differ depending on the output media.</entry>
                    </row>

                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>textentity</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Surround the contents of the <xmlelement>textentity</xmlelement>
                            element with a leading ampersand (&amp;) and a trailing semi-colon
                            (;).</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>var</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Apply italic highlighting to the contents of the
                                <xmlelement>var</xmlelement> element.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>xmlatt</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Precede the contents of the <xmlelement>xmlatt</xmlelement> element
                            with a commercial at symbol (@) or equals character (=) .</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement>xmlelement</xmlelement></entry>
                        <entry>Surround the contents of the <xmlelement>xmlelement</xmlelement>
                            element with leading (&lt;) and trailing (>) angle brackets.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry><xmlelement/></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </refbody>
</reference>
