<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="booklist" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title><xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement></title>
    <shortdesc><ph rev="review-k">The <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement> element either references a
            topic that contains a list of items in the book, or it indicates to a processor that a
            list of items should be generated at this location in the book. This is a general
            purpose element designed for use in specializations.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>booklist</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Book map elements<indexterm>booklist</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="usage-information">
            <title>Usage information</title>
            <p rev="review-k">The <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement> element is a general purpose
                element that references a topic or map containing a list of items within the book.
                For example, it could be used to reference a topic that contains a list of authors
                for the book. When a more specific element is already available, such as
                    <xmlelement>tablelist</xmlelement> for a list of tables, use that element
                instead. If the element does not reference a topic or map, a processor might be able
                to generate a list of items based on an <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> or based on
                specialization ancestry.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="processing-expectations" rev="review-k">
            <title>Processing expectations</title>
            <p rev="review-k"><ph conkeyref="reuse-tc-file/booklist-processing"/> Because
                    <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement> is a general purpose element, the type of list
                would need to be specified for the processor; for example, it could be provided
                using <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> or by further specializing the element.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="specialization-hierarchy"
                ><title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement> element is specialized from
                    <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>. It is defined in the bookmap module.</p></section>
        <section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title><div conkeyref="reuse-tc-attributes/bookmap-booklist-attributes"/></section>
        <example id="example" otherprops="examples"><title>Example</title><p>The following code sample shows how to use <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement> to reference a topic
                that contains a list of authors of topics in this document:</p><codeblock>&lt;booklists>
  &lt;toc/>
  &lt;tablelist/>
  <b>&lt;booklist href="authors.dita"/></b>
&lt;/booklists></codeblock></example>
    </refbody>
</reference>
