<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cause" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>cause</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element describes a potential source of the problem
    that is described in the troubleshooting topic. <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein"
      time="12 February 2023" disposition="Completed">Changed to "The <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement>
      element describes a potential source of the problem.</draft-comment></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>cause</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>troubleshooting
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>cause</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element is a component of a
        cause and remedy pair. The cause might be omitted if it is implicit
        or if the remedy is not associated with a cause.</p>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">a component of &lt;troubleSolution> <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>Changed to read "The <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element is a component of potential
            solution."</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
      <p>This information should be brief. If it is not possible to make
        the information brief, this might be a sign that a full
        troubleshooting topic is needed.</p>
      <draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Completed">
        <p>I find this a bit confusing. My impression is that a cause can only appear in a
          troubleshooting topic (I had thought it could appear elsewhere, but that doesn't seem to
          be the case from the 1.3 spec) If it can only appear in a troubleshooting topic, then why
          would a 'full troubleshooting topic' only be required for it sometimes?</p>
        <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 09 February 2023</p>
          <p>I agree. I think the paragraph should be deleted. I think that such information was
            originally written for the embedded troubleshooting elements: <xmlelement>note
              type="trouble</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>steptroubleshooting</xmlelement>, and
              <xmlelement>tasktroubleshooting</xmlelement>. It does make sense for those
            elements.</p>
          <p>I've deleted the paragraph from the DITA source.</p>
        </div>
      </draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the troubleshooting module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>In the following code sample, the <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement>
        element contains information that explains the origins of the
        problem:</p>
      <draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Open">
        <p>under the &lt;cause> section below, the word 'the' is repeated, once at the end of the
          first line, and then at the beginning of the second</p>
        <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 09 February 2023</p>
          <p>Fixed.</p>
          <p>Dawn: This wouldn't have needed fixing if this was either just a reference to the main
            troubleshooting topic or a conref of the section it is repeating. </p>
        </div>
        <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>Yes, we could simply have a cross reference to the
              <xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement> topic. That strategy has two potential
            disadvantages:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>It forces the reader to read through the XML source for an entire topic, rather than
              seeing a smaller snippet: where the  <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element fits
              within  <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement>.</li>
            <li>It does not allow us to use the introductory paragraph to provide more context about
              the  <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element.</li>
          </ul>
          <p>Yes, we could conref a  <xmlelement>codeblock</xmlelement> element. However, then we
            cannot highlight the element that is being showcased.</p>
          <p>Changing the disposition of the comment from "Completed" to "Open".</p>
        </div>
      </draft-comment>
      <draft-comment author="Stan Doherty" disposition="Open">Note that the content in the
        &lt;cause> example contains a suggested solution. Premature. If, based on what is in
        &lt;cause>, the customer reseats the board and something gets fried – my company is on the
        hook to replace/service the board for free. Support teams want customers to have maximum
        context before performing a corrective action. Separating cause analysis from remedies is a
        best practice. This example appears in multiple sections. <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>@Stan, I think you are raising several points here, so I'll list them in an ordered
            list (in order to make talking about the points easier):</p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              <p><b>Quality of examples.</b> Here in the spec, we need to straddle the line between
                "realistic examples" and examples that are simple enough for the spec reader to
                grasp. Obviously, this is especially difficult for troubleshooting topics, which can
                be complex both in structure and in content. </p>
              <p>This example appeared in the DITA 1.3 spec, however, it did use the
                  <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element to indicate that reseating the
                board is a task that should be performed by a maintenance technician. Would you be
                more comfortable if this example added that element back? Or do you want to create
                an alternate example?</p>
            </li>
            <li><b>Separating causes from remedies.</b> Is your concern with the 2nd sentence in the
                <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> element? We could remove it. I do want to comment
              that the very nature of the <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> element suggests
              that there is a relationship between a cause and a remedy.</li>
            <li><b>Modeling best practices for troubleshooting topic content.</b> While we don't
              want to have any egregious content in spec examples, we really cannot expect these
              topics to model authoring best practices. That is always going to be something that an
              individual company needs to decide for their content authors.</li>
          </ol>
        </div></draft-comment>
      <codeblock>&lt;troubleSolution>
  <b>&lt;cause></b>A recurring memory fault indicates a possible problem with the
         the system memory board. Reseating the board might fix the problem.
  <b>&lt;/cause></b>
  &lt;remedy>
    &lt;steps conref="reseatBoard.dita#reseatBoard/steps">
      &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
    &lt;/steps>
  &lt;/remedy>
&lt;/troubleSolution></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
