<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="chdesc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>chdesc</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>chdesc</xmlelement> element provides the content of the second cell in a
    choice table row. This content provides instructions for completing the step. <draft-comment
      author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">I would say the second sentence is not always
      true. In fact, I believe the default value for this second column is Description, which is not
      typically action oriented, instructions. I would suggest just deleting the second sentence.<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 19 October 2022</p>
        <p>I'm glad that you bring this up. A few questions and points:</p>
        <ul id="ul_fvb_js5_fvb">
          <li>I think what you refer to as the default value is not a default, but what is rendered
            by DITA-OT. @Robert?</li>
          <li>The description here matches the (current) example for
              <xmlelement>choicetable</xmlelement>, which is new for DITA 2.0. And the example might
            well simply represent the way that <b>I've </b>used choice tables!</li>
          <li>I went and looked at the choice table examples in the DITA 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, and 1.3
            specs. They all use the same example, which you can see at <xref
              href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/errata02/os/complete/part3-all-inclusive/langRef/technicalContent/choicetable.html#choicetable"
              format="html" scope="external"
              >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/errata02/os/complete/part3-all-inclusive/langRef/technicalContent/choicetable.html#choicetable</xref></li>
        </ul>
      </div><div>
        <p>Dawn Stevens 19 October 2022</p>
        <p>See my comments on choicetable</p>
      </div><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 20 October 2022</p>
        <p>I reworked the short description and reviewed it with Dawn today. A PDF of the updated
          topic is attached to a TC e-mail; see <xref
            href="https://lists.oasis-open.org/archives/dita/202210/msg00042.html" format="html"
            scope="external"
          >https://lists.oasis-open.org/archives/dita/202210/msg00042.html</xref></p>
      </div></draft-comment><!--It explains why the user would choose that option and might explain the result of the choice when it is not immediately obvious.--><!--<draft-comment author="robander" time="21 may 2021">Rather than describing this based on presentation (content of a description cell in a table row) can we describe it as the description of an option in a step, or description of an option in a choice table?</draft-comment>--></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>chdesc</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>choice tables<indexterm>descriptions</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>chdesc</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>chdesc</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>stentry</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/> and the attributes defined below.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry conkeyref="reuse-attributes/tablescope">
          <dt/>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry conkeyref="reuse-attributes/headers-att">
          <dt/>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>See <xref keyref="elements-choicetable"
            ><xmlelement>choicetable</xmlelement></xref>.</p>
    </example>
</refbody>
</reference>

