<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="choption" xml:lang="en-us"><title><xmlelement>choption</xmlelement></title><shortdesc>The <xmlelement>choption</xmlelement> element contains the content of the first cell in a
    choice table row. This content names the option that the user can take to complete the
      step.<draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber" disposition="Referred">See my comment on
        <xmlelement>choicetable</xmlelement>: I don't think "names the option" is correct--should be
      "labels or describes the option" or close to. That is, you would never use the name "Option
      1", you would use the label "Local server": both are distinct values (within the choice
      table), but one is an arbitrary name and one is a descriptive label.<p>Having said that, I
        suppose you might use "Option 1" if you write the command or info content such that it
        references the option name: </p><p>Having set the framitiz to "on" you may do Option 1 or
        Option 2 as shown in the choice table below.</p><p>So I guess it depends on whether you are
        writing the choice table as simple lookup table of options where the option labels are
        arbitrary or a state table where the option label reflects a specific state ("local server",
        "remote server").</p><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 31 October 2022</p>
        <p> I agree that "names the option" is imprecise, but I think that it's the best that we can
          do. Shifting to "labels or describes the option" comes into conflict with 1) how we
          describe the &lt;chdesc> element, and 2) what the &lt;chhead> row provides. We're stuck
          with the element names – &lt;choption> and &lt;chdesc> – and also do not want to deviate
          too far from how these elements have been defined in the four versions of the DITA 1.x
          specifications. (I think the element names were poorly chosen, and our current rigor with
          short descriptions is highlighting that …)</p>
        <p>Nonetheless, I'm setting the comment disposition to "Referred," so that we can discuss it
          at a TC meeting. Maybe someone else can come up with an acceptable way to describe what
          the &lt;choption> element does.</p>
      </div></draft-comment><!--<draft-comment author="robander" time="21 may 2021">Rather than describing this based on presentation (content of an option cell in a table row) can we describe it as an option for completing a step, or similar?</draft-comment>--></shortdesc><prolog><metadata><keywords>
        <indexterm>choice tables<indexterm>options</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm><xmlelement>choption</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>choption</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody>
<section id="specialization-hierarchy">
<title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
<p>The <xmlelement>choption</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>stentry</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
</section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/> and the attributes defined below.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry conkeyref="reuse-attributes/tablescope">
          <dt/>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry conkeyref="reuse-attributes/headers-att">
          <dt/>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>See <xref keyref="elements-choicetable"
            ><xmlelement>choicetable</xmlelement></xref>.</p>
    </example></refbody></reference>
