<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement> element contains a command. A command provides
instruction on how to complete a step.<draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber">Could collapse the two
sentences: "… element provides instruction on how to complete a step."<p>However, I think the design
intent for <xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement> is more limited: specifies the direct action to take to
complete the step. Of course, that presumes a particular writing style, which may not be appropriate
for the spec (for example, at ServiceNow we have Schematrons rule that requires
<xmlelement>xml</xmlelement> to be exactly one sentence and meet other strict
requirements).</p><p>The <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element itself provides the "instruction on
how to complete a step", because it contains the command and any additional information needed to
support the completion of the step (<xmlelement>info</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>stepxmp</xmlelement>,
etc.)</p><div>
<p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p>
<p>The &lt;cmd> shortdesc has been revised; it now uses natural language and reads "A command
provides instruction on how to complete a step." Should it be "primary instruction"? Maybe.</p>
<p>The &lt;step> shortdesc has also been revised; it now reads "A step is an action that a user can
take to complete a task. It can also contain additional information about the step, such as an
example, result, or troubleshooting guidance."</p>
</div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="specialization-hierarchy">
<title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
<p>The <xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement> element is specialized from <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement>. It is
            defined in the task module.</p>
</section>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title>
   <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/> and <xref keyref="attributes-common/attr-keyref"><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></xref>.</p>
   </section>
<example id="example" otherprops="examples">
<title>Example</title>
         <p>In the following code sample, the <xmlelement>cmd</xmlelement>
        element provides clear, active-voice instruction for how to
        complete a step:</p>
<codeblock>&lt;step>
  <b>&lt;cmd></b>Specify the configuration parameters.<b>&lt;/cmd></b>
&lt;/step></codeblock>
</example>
</refbody>
</reference>

