<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="concept" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>concept</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc><draft-comment author="BobThomas">This shortdesc is entirely usage information. As
      such, its content ought to be moved into the Usage information section. In its place we should
      say something like: "The concept element is a topic-level element that models the semantics of
      the concept information type."</draft-comment>The <xmlelement>concept</xmlelement> element is
    the top-level element for a topic that answers the question <q>what is?</q> Concepts provide
    background information that users must know before they can successfully work with a product or
    interface. Often, a concept is an extended definition of a major abstraction such as a process
    or function. It might also have an example or a graphic, but generally the structure of a
    concept is fairly simple. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>concept</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>concept
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>concept</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <draft-comment author="BobThomas">The <xmlelement>concept</xmlelement> element is the
        top-level element for a topic that answers the question <q>what is?</q> Concepts provide
        background information that users must know before they can successfully work with a product
        or interface. Often, a concept is an extended definition of a major abstraction such as a
        process or function. It might also have an example or a graphic, but generally the structure
        of a concept is fairly simple.</draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy" otherprops="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>- topic/topic concept/concept </p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title><sectiondiv
        conkeyref="conref-attribute/topic-attributes"/></section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title><draft-comment author="BobThomas">This ought to be an example of a
        concept topic and not of a codeblock. It would be appropriate to reuse this example in the
        conbody topic, but that's about it for reuse. </draft-comment>
      <codeblock conkeyref="conref-file/concept-codeblock"/></example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
