<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="context" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>context</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> element contains contextual information. Contextual
    information is background information that helps users understand the purpose of the task and
    what they will gain by completing it.<draft-comment author="Bill Burns" disposition="Closed"
      >This could be a single sentence: The <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> element contains
      background information that helps users understand the purpose of the task and what they will
      gain by completing it.<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 26 October 2022</p>
        <p>Even simpler – It's already been rewritten as "Contextual information is background
          information that helps users understand the purpose of the task and what they will gain by
          completing it." Part of our commitment to using natural language in short descriptions
          when appropriate.</p>
      </div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>context</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>context</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="specialization-hierarchy">
<title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
<p>The <xmlelement>context</xmlelement> element is specialized from
                        <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
</section>
<section id="attributes">       <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
        </section>
<example id="example" otherprops="examples">
<title>Example</title>
      <p>An author uses the following markup to provide users with more contextual information than
                        is appropriate for a short description. Style sheets might generate a label,
                        for example, <q>About this procedure</q>, to indicate clearly that the
                        information provided is background information.</p>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">postreq and prereq put this
        information about the possibility of labels in a usage section.<div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 20 October 2022</p>
          <p>I've added a "Rendering expectations" section here that states "Implementations might
            want to consider having their stylesheets render a label for this element.", per our TC
            call this week.</p>
          <p>I wonder if I should delete the 2nd sentence here – or whether we want to show a
            possible rendering since we mention that style sheets might render a label. Any
            thoughts?</p>
        </div><div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 21 October 2022</p>
          <p>I've deleted the info here in the example about style sheets generating an example.
            Robert and I think that, at most, we should have one place where we mentioned task
            labels and show a screen capture. I think that should be not here in the element
            reference topics, but in the overview topic.</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
<codeblock>&lt;task id="Generating-stub-files" xml:lang="en-us">
  &lt;title>Generating stub files&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>You can use Task Modeler to generate stub files. Stub files are 
             DITA files that contain only a title.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;taskbody>
    <b>&lt;context></b>As you perform this procedure, you can select the conventions that 
            you want to use for file names.
    <b>&lt;/context></b>
   &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;/taskbody>
&lt;/task></codeblock>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Closed">most of my clients are moving away
        from gerund titles largely for localization reasons. Most now use imperative or infinitive.
        Do we care? If so, we will need to look at all the examples in this section.<div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 19 October 2022</p>
          <p>I don't know if it matters. Our examples need to be exemplars for markup, not writing
            style. (Although I do cringe when I see poorly-written stuff in our spec examples.)</p>
          <p>Out of curiosity, how does using the imperative or infinitive form of a verb aid
            localization? I'm most steeped in "IBM Style Guide" and "The Global English Style
            Guide". "IBM Style Guide" uses gerund titles in all their examples … "The Global English
            Style Guide" does not warn against gerund verb forms ...</p>
        </div><div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 21 October 2022</p>
          <p>Marking this one as closed. I think that writing styles for titles is a writing
            practice that will differ across implementations.</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
</example>
</refbody>
</reference>

