<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="diagnostics" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title><xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement></title>
  <abstract>
        <!--<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement> element is a container element for diagnostic elements that help users determine which of several possible causes discussed within the troubleshooting topic applies to the symptoms they are experiencing. Diagnostics may be provided in text or table format within <xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement> or in step-by-step format within <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement>.<draft-comment author="robander" time="21 may 2021">Feels like the first sentence here could be simplified. Also would be nice to delete the word "users".</draft-comment></shortdesc>-->
        <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement> element contains information that helps
            readers determine the cause of a problem and what remediation steps are
            applicable.</shortdesc>
        <draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Completed">
            <p>'the cause of the problem' is concise and pithy; 'what remediation steps are
                applicable' is much less so. So putting them together strikes my eye/ear as just a
                bit strange. It couldn't simply be 'the cause of a problem and how to fix it'? </p>
            <div>
                <p>Kris Eberlein, 09 February 2023</p>
                <p>It would be nice to simply say "the cause of a problem and how to fix it," but
                    sometimes there won't actually be a remedy :(</p>
                <p>Dawn: technically, I think we could leave out everything after the cause of the
                    problem. Or maybe fix nancy's observation by saying "the cause of a problem, and
                    if available, how to fix it"</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <p>Kris Eberlein, 10 February 2023</p>
                <p>I've changed this to "The <xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement> element contains
                    information that helps readers determine the cause of a problem."</p>
            </div>
        </draft-comment>
        <draft-comment author="Stan Doherty">
            <p>Not sure how to nuance it here, but one of the main justifications for teams
                developing troubleshooting docs is preventing calls to Support. Relative to that
                goal, any diagnostic section of a TS topic is there to assist the customer is
                interpreting what she or he is seeing – messages, flashing LEDs, terrible
                performance, etc.. It's actually a teaching moment. Having this element as part of
                the DITA troubleshooting domain is really important. Investing in formal root cause
                analysis is interpretive and, at $400 a Support call, can save lots of money. </p>
        </draft-comment>
    </abstract>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm><xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement></indexterm>
                <indexterm>troubleshooting
                        elements<indexterm><xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="usage-information">
            <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>Diagnostic information is useful when more than one possible cause
        and remedy pairs are applicable. The
          <xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement> element permits
        text-based content, including tables and flowcharts, while the
          <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement> element allows for the
        use of the <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element.</p>
            <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">when more than one possible
                cause is applicable? again, the "pairs" is not entirely true, and the diagnostics, I
                believe, is to determine which cause applies. the remedy is then nice to also have,
                but its not the direct thing the diagnosis is determining. <div>
                    <p>Kris Eberlein, 10 February 2023</p>
                    <p>Changed the first sentence to read: "Diagnostic information is useful when
                        there is more than one potential cause associated with a symptom."</p>
                </div></draft-comment>
        </section>
        <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
            <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement> element is specialized from
                <xmlelement>bodydiv</xmlelement>. It is defined in the troubleshooting module.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="attributes">
            <title>Attributes</title>
            <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
        </section>
        <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
            <title>Example</title>
            <p>See <xref keyref="elements-diagnostics-general"
            ><xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement></xref> and <xref
          keyref="elements-diagnostics-steps"
            ><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></xref>.</p>
        </example>
    </refbody>
</reference>