<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_yzs_bkf_knb">
    <title><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></title>
    <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement> element includes step-by-step
        information that can help readers determine which cause and remedy pairs apply. Results of
        each diagnostic step might link to the specific cause and remedy pair that is
            applicable.<draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">which cause
            applies. Results of each diagnostic step might link to the specific remedy that is
            applicable. <div>
                <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
                <p>Changed to read "The <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement> element includes
                    step-by-step information that can help readers determine the cause of the
                    symptom . Results of the diagnostic steps might link to potential
                    solutions."</p>
            </div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></indexterm>
                <indexterm>troubleshooting
                            elements<indexterm><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_tp4_2kf_knb">
            <title>Usage information</title>
            <p>This element is helpful for situations where the reader must
        perform a series of steps to determine the cause of the
        problem.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_up4_2kf_knb">
            <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement> element is specialized from
                    <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the troubleshooting
                module.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_vp4_2kf_knb">
            <title>Attributes</title>
            <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
        </section>
        <example otherprops="examples">
            <title>Example</title>
            <p>The following code sample shows how the
          <xmlelement>diagnostic-steps</xmlelement> element can provide
        step-by-step instructions to help someone determine which cause and
        repair pair is applicable to their problem:</p>
            <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">"which cause applies to their
                problem and therefore which remedy will solve the problem." In this case, the sample
                topic implies in the comment section that the &lt;troubleSolution> contains just the
                remedy element, not a pair. [and yes, I'm pretty sure I wrote these in the first
                place...] <div>
                    <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
                    <p>@Dawn, many thanks for your rewording suggestions! I've changed this to read
                        "The following code sample shows how the
                            <xmlelement>diagnostic-steps</xmlelement> element can provide
                        step-by-step instructions to help someone determine the cause of a problem
                        and the potential solution:"</p>
                </div></draft-comment>
            <draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Completed">
                <p>the element in the paragraph above should be diagnostics-steps, not
                    diagnostic-steps</p>
                <div>
                    <p>Kris Eberlein, 09 February 2023</p>
                    <p>Fixed.</p>
                </div>
            </draft-comment>
            <codeblock>&lt;diagnostics>
  <b>&lt;diagnostics-steps></b>
    &lt;steps>
      &lt;step>
        &lt;cmd>Open the command prompt and type &lt;userinput>ipconfig&lt;/userinput>.&lt;/cmd>
        &lt;info>The Default Gateway (listed last) is your router’s IP. Your computer’s IP
              address is the number next to “IP Address.” If your computer’s IP address
              starts with 169, the computer is not receiving a valid IP address. See
              &lt;xref href="#./ipaddress"/>.
        &lt;/info>
      &lt;/step>
      &lt;step>
        &lt;cmd>If your address does not start with 169, type 
             &lt;userinput>tracert8.8.8.8&lt;/userinput> to view each step between your router 
             and the Google DNS servers.&lt;/cmd>
        &lt;info>If the error comes up early along the pathway, see 
              &lt;xref href="#./resetnetwork"/>&lt;/info>
      &lt;/step>
      &lt;step>
        &lt;cmd>If everything is working with Google, use the &lt;cmdname>nslookup&lt;/cmdname> 
             command to determine if there's a problem with the server you are trying 
             to connect to.&lt;/cmd>
        &lt;info>If you received results such as &lt;msgph>Timed Out&lt;/msgph>, 
              &lt;msgph>Server Failure&lt;/msgph>, &lt;msgph>Refused&lt;/msgph>, 
              &lt;msgph>No Response from Server&lt;/msgph>, or 
              &lt;msgph>Network is unreachable&lt;msgph>, the problem originates in the DNS 
              server for your destination.&lt;/info>
      &lt;/step>
      &lt;step>
        &lt;cmd>If the previous steps turn up no problems, contact your ISP to see if they're 
               having issues.&lt;/cmd>
      &lt;/step>
    &lt;/steps>
  <b>&lt;/diagnostics-steps></b>   
&lt;/diagnostics>
  &lt;!-- The rest of this topic contains two &lt;troublesolution> elements, each of which contains
       a remedy. One remedy provides instructions for "Resetting your IP address" and the
       other provides instructions for "Resetting your local network". The cross references 
       in the above steps resolve to the &lt;remedy> elements. --></codeblock>
        </example>
    </refbody>
</reference>
