<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="equation-figure">
  <title><xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement> element <ph
      rev="review-i">is a container for equations and their supporting
      information.</ph></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>equation-figure</indexterm>
        <indexterm>equation domain<indexterm>equation-figure</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p><ph rev="review-i">Equation figures</ph> can have titles,
        descriptions, figure groups, and all other figure components. The
        direct children of <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement> can be
        the equation content itself (for example,
          <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement> or an image reference), or it can
        be one or more <xmlelement>equation-block</xmlelement> elements,
        along with other elements allowed within figures.</p>
      <p>When an <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement> element has multiple direct child
          <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>equation-block</xmlelement>,
          <xmlelement>image</xmlelement>, or <xmlelement>pre</xmlelement> elements, each child
        represents an alternative form of the equation.</p>
      <p>When the intent is to <ph rev="review-i">combine equations
          and</ph> commentary within an
          <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement>, use child
          <xmlelement>equation-block</xmlelement> elements to contain the
        equations <ph rev="review-i">and so </ph>clearly distinguish them
        from the commentary.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="rendering-expectations">
      <title>Rendering expectations</title>
      <p>Equation figures can be numbered. <ph rev="review-i">Either</ph>
        standard figure numbering <ph rev="review-i">can be used</ph>, or
          <xmlelement>equation-number</xmlelement>
        <ph rev="review-i">elements can be placed</ph> within
          <xmlelement>equation-block</xmlelement> elements.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="processing-expectations">
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-tc-file/processing-equations"/>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement>. It is defined in the equation domain module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-displayatts"/> and <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows how an
          <xmlelement>equation-figure</xmlelement> element can contain both
        MathML content and commentary. The MathML content is contained with
        a nested <xmlelement>equation-block</xmlelement> element, and it is
          <ph rev="review-i">followed</ph> by commentary that is contained
        in a nested <xmlelement>p</xmlelement> element.</p>
      <p>
        <codeblock><b>&lt;equation-figure></b>
 &lt;title>An equation with commentary&lt;/title>
 &lt;equation-block>
  &lt;mathml>
   &lt;m:math display='block'>
     &lt;m:semantics>
       &lt;m:mrow>
         &lt;m:mfrac>
           &lt;m:mrow>&lt;m:mi>n&lt;/m:mi>&lt;m:mo>!&lt;/m:mo>&lt;/m:mrow>
           &lt;m:mrow>&lt;m:mi>r&lt;/m:mi>&lt;m:mo>!&lt;/m:mo>
             &lt;m:mrow>
               &lt;m:mo>(&lt;/m:mo>
               &lt;m:mrow>&lt;m:mi>n&lt;/m:mi>&lt;m:mo>&amp;#x2212;&lt;/m:mo>&lt;m:mi>r&lt;/m:mi>&lt;/m:mrow>
               &lt;m:mo>)&lt;/m:mo>
             &lt;/m:mrow>
             &lt;m:mo>!&lt;/m:mo>
           &lt;/m:mrow>
         &lt;/m:mfrac>         
       &lt;/m:mrow>
     &lt;/m:semantics>
   &lt;/m:math>
  &lt;/mathml>
 &lt;/equation-block>
 &lt;p>Where 
   &lt;equation-inline>&lt;mathml>&lt;m:math>&lt;m:mi>r&lt;/m:mi>&lt;/m:math>&lt;/mathml>&lt;/equation-inline>
   is greater than 1.&lt;/p>
&lt;/equation-figure></codeblock>
      </p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
