<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>Glossary reference topic references are a convenience element for creating references to
    glossary topics. It has a required <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt> attribute, which forces the author to
    create a key by which inline terms can reflect the glossary terms and become navigable links to
    the glossary definition. For example, when <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topics are used
    to define acronyms, this reminds authors to create a key that
    <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> elements can use to refer to the short and expanded
    versions of the acronyms.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossary-related
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
    <section id="usage-information"><title>Usage information</title>Note that the key names defined
      in the <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt> attribute do not need to match the target term or acronym. Using
      more qualified values or distinct key scopes for the keys will reduce conflicts in situations
      where the same key name might be associated with different terms. For example, an information
      set could use <q>cars.abs</q> as the key for the term Anti-lock Braking System, and
      <q>ship.abs</q> to refer to the term American Bureau of Shipping.</section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary reference domain
        module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-linkatts"/>, <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-chunk"><xmlatt>chunk</xmlatt></xref>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-collection-type"><xmlatt>collection-type</xmlatt></xref>,
          <xref keyref="attributes-common/attr-keyref"><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></xref>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-linking"><xmlatt>linking</xmlatt></xref>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-processing-role"><xmlatt>processing-role</xmlatt></xref>,
          <xref keyref="attributes-common/attr-search"><xmlatt>search</xmlatt></xref>, and <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-toc"><xmlatt>toc</xmlatt></xref>.</p>
      <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element:<ul id="ul_mwn_xdh_rpb">
          <li>The <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute is a reference to a glossary definition, typically
            a <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt> attribute is required.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>linking</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of
            <keyword>none</keyword>.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>toc</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of <keyword>no</keyword>.</li>
        <li>The <xmlatt>search</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of <keyword>no</keyword>.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample demonstrates using a <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> element to
        include a car-specific glossary entry in the map. The glossary reference has the key "abs".
        The <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> element is within the key scope "cars", so references
        to this glossary entry from outside the "cars" key scope will be of the form
        <codeph>&lt;keyword keyref="cars.abs"/></codeph>.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;map>
  &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;topicref href="car-maintenance.dita"/>
  &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;topichead keyscope="cars">
   &lt;topicmeta>&lt;navtitle>Car Terminalogy&lt;/navtitle>&lt;/topicmeta>
   <b>&lt;glossref keys="abs" href="glossary/a/antiLockBrake.dita"/></b>
   &lt;!-- ... key declarations for other referenced acronyms ... -->
  &lt;/topichead>
&lt;/map></codeblock>
      <p>When this is map is rendered using typical output processing, the table of contents will
        have an entry for the topic head "Car Terminology" but will not have entries for the
        glossary entries because <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> sets the value of
        <xmlatt>toc</xmlatt> to <keyword>no</keyword> by default.</p>
    </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
