<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossentry" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>A glossary entry provides a single definition a term or phrase.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>entries</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossentry
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>Put the term being defined in the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element, which serves
        as the topic's title. Put the base definition of the term in the
        <xmlelement>glossdef</xmlelement> element, which is a specialization of
        <xmlelement>shortdesc</xmlelement>. Use the subelements of
        <xmlelement>glossbody</xmlelement> for additional information about the term, such as
        abbreviated forms, synonyms, and parts of speech.<draft-comment author="eliot.kimber">My
        instinct is to have a paragraph about using <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> to organize
        glossary entries in maps so that you can then use key references on
        <xmlelement>keyword</xmlelement>, but I suspect that level of guidance is not something we
        normally do.</draft-comment></p>
    </section>
    <section id="rendering-expectations">
      <title>Rendering expectations</title>
      <p>Because the glossary entry specialization is designed for the
        larger task of terminology management, it contains many elements
        that are not intended to be rendered when a glossary is generated.
        In addition, when a collections of glossary entry topics are
        rendered as a guidance for terminology management, generated text
        might be required for ease of reading. Specialized style sheets and
        processing are needed to ensure useful output.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="processing-expectations">
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
      <p>Processing expectations for glossary entry topics are highly
        implementation-specific and will depend on the output format.</p>
      <p>The typical processing for books is to sort and group glossary
        entries based on the localized term, so a back-of-the-book glossary
        can contain a collated list of terms with the definitions of the
        individual senses of each term indented under the term. The
        glossary can have a different organization in different languages
        depending on the translation of the terms.</p>
      <p>One possible implementation of a glossary in online processing is to associate a hotspot
        for mentions of terms in <xmlelement>term</xmlelement> elements and display the definition
        on hover or click.</p>
      <draft-comment author="eliot.kimber">There are many subtle and non-obvious ways that
        glossaries might be processed that this language kind of hand waves, such as the implication
        for using resource-only topicrefs to refer to glossentry topics, the use of
        cross-deliverable keyrefs to link to glossary entries published in a separate glossary
        publication, etc.<p>As for usage, I think this level of discussion is far beyond what we
        normally do in reference topics.</p></draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>concept</xmlelement>; it is defined in the glossary entry module. The
          <xmlelement>concept</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement>; it is defined in the concept module.</p>
    </section>
    <section conkeyref="reuse-topic/attributes" id="attributes"/>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows how a glossary entry topic provides information about a
        term that aids in terminology management:</p>
      <codeblock><b>&lt;glossentry id="usbfd"></b>
  &lt;glossterm>USB flash drive&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>A small portable drive.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossPartOfSpeech value="noun"/>
    &lt;glossUsage>Do not use this term in upper case (for example, in "USB Flash Drive")
      because that suggests a trademark.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>UFD&lt;/glossAcronym>
      &lt;glossStatus value="prohibited"/>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt id="memoryStick">
      &lt;glossSynonym>memory stick&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>This is a colloquial term.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAbbreviation>stick&lt;/glossAbbreviation>
      &lt;glossStatus value="prohibited"/>
      &lt;glossUsage>This is too colloquial.&lt;/glossUsage>
      &lt;glossAlternateFor href="#usbfd/memoryStick"/>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAbbreviation>flash&lt;/glossAbbreviation>
      &lt;glossStatus value="prohibited"/>
      &lt;glossUsage>This short form is ambiguous.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody><b>
&lt;/glossentry>
</b></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
