<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossScopeNote" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement> element defines the extent to which or
    context within which the term specified in the topic's <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement>
    element might be used.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>scope notes</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossentry
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>note</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary entry module.</p>
      <p>
        <draft-comment author="dawnstevens">Although I realize the element is specialized from Note,
          I question the need to point out the type and othertype attributes; they don't seem to me
          to have any meaning in the content of a scope note. A scope note is type scope note, in my
          mind. Why would anyone specify any type or othertype?</draft-comment>
      </p>
      <p>
        <draft-comment author="dawnstevens">While it is true that type and othertype are valid
          attributes because glossScopeNote is specialized from Note, I don't think there is any
          meaning for a glossScopeNote to be any specific "type". Its type is a scope note. Do we
          have to document that these attributes are available? </draft-comment>
      </p>
      <p>
        <draft-comment author="robander" time="Jan 18 2024">For every attribute that is defined, we
          need to include it in the attribute list, whether we expect it to be used or not. If we
          want to modify this (but not remove the attributes), then we need to modify the conref to
          "note" so that we pull in the attribute list, but then add an exception saying that these
          attributes will not typically be used, that the type is expected to be a scope
          note.</draft-comment>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section conkeyref="reuse-note/attributes" id="attributes">
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows how the <xmlelement>glossScopeNote</xmlelement> element can
        be used to limit the scope in which the term "Linux" should be used:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="linuxOS" xml:lang="en-us">
  &lt;glossterm>Linux operating system&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>An operating system based on the kernel created by Linus Torvald.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    <b>&lt;glossScopeNote>This term does not apply to the Linux Open Source Project that
       develops Linux distributions, but only to the distributions themselves.  Examples 
       of Linux operating systems include RedHat, SuSE, and Ubuntu. &lt;/glossScopeNote></b>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
