<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossSurfaceForm" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> element specifies how the term <ph
      rev="review-a-2024">that is</ph> specified by the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element
    should appear in the text. The surface form is suitable to introduce the term in new contexts or
    as the first
    occurrence.<!--<draft-comment author="dawnstevens">I learned a lot more than I really wanted to about the surface form in linguistics to suggest this short description, as opposed to what was there: "an unambiguous presentation of the term that might combine multiple forms." Surface forms are " the way a linguistic unit (such as a word, phrase, or sentence) appears when it is actually spoken or written, as opposed to its underlying or abstract form." Surface forms may take into account phonology (to provide stress, intonation, and accent), test and plurals (the surface form of "go" is "goes" in 3rd person singular), and derivational (to change roots of words in various contexts), contextual (I'm might be a surface form of I am in informal speech). Ultimately, in my experience the only thing this is really used for is first-use occurrence of acronyms so they are spelled out. I wonder if we should use that use case only in this definition, rather than a more comprehensive scope. </draft-comment>--></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>surface forms</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossentry
            elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> element is most often used for terms that
        also specify the <xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> element. In that context, the
          <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> element contains the term in a manner that
        introduces both the term and the acronym, so that later references to the term can be
        replaced with the acronym alone. </p>
      <p>See the <xref href="abbreviated-form.dita"
            ><xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement></xref> element for a
        full description of how the surface form is used together with
        acronyms.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>p</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary entry module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following glossary entry topic defines the term "Anti-lock Braking System". Within the
        topic, the <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> element provides a version of the term
        that combines both the primary term and the acronym. The content of the
          <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> might be rendered in introductory contexts when
        the glossary entry topic is referenced from an <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement>
        element.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="abs">
  &lt;glossterm>Anti-lock Braking System&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossBody>
    <b>&lt;glossSurfaceForm>Anti-lock Braking System (ABS)&lt;/glossSurfaceForm></b>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>ABS&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
