<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossAlt" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement></title>
  <abstract>
    <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> element contains information about a variant
      for the term specified in the topic's <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element. A variant
      might include an acronym, abbreviation, or shortened form of the term, as well as synonyms or
      other alternate terms.</shortdesc>
  </abstract>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>variant terms</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>glossentry
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The variant should have the same meaning as the term in the
          <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element; the variant is simply another way to refer to
        the same term. There might be many ways to refer to a term; each variant is placed in its
        own <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> element. The <xmlelement>glossUsage</xmlelement>
        element can be used within <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> to indicate when use of the
        alternate term is appropriate.</p>
      <note id="translation">A list of alternative terms is specific to the language, so the
        translation of a <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic might result in empty elements
        within a <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> container.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary entry module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code samples shows how a glossary entry topic might provide alternative forms
        of the term.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="usa">
  &lt;glossterm>United States of America&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>A federal republic in the northern Western Hemisphere comprising 48 contiguous 
     states, the District of Columbia, Alaska in North America, and Hawaii in the North 
     Pacific, and in some contexts considered along with its five inhabited island 
     territories (Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, North Mariana Islands, American 
     Samoa).&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    <b>&lt;glossAlt></b>
      &lt;glossAcronym>US&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Used as an adjective.&lt;/glossUsage>
    <b>&lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt></b>
      &lt;glossAcronym>USA&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Used as a noun.&lt;/glossUsage>
    <b>&lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt></b>
      &lt;glossSynonym>America&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Do not use; the American continents include other countries.&lt;/glossUsage>
    <b>&lt;/glossAlt>
    &lt;glossAlt></b>
      &lt;glossAbbreviation>the States&lt;/glossAbbreviation>
      &lt;glossUsage>Informal. Typically used by English speakers outside of the country.&lt;/glossUsage>
    <b>&lt;/glossAlt></b>
  &lt;/glossBody><b>
&lt;/glossentry>
</b></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
