<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossAlternateFor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement> element indicates when a variant term has
    a relationship to another variant term in addition to the term specified in the topic's
      <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element.<draft-comment author="dawnstevens">I am still
      struggling with this so we'll address it in the review. Couldn't &lt;glossAlternativeFor> be
      used alone in a &lt;glossAlt> element to indicate the &lt;glossterm> of this topic is an
      alternative for another term defined in another topic? Why are we limiting the definition to
      indicate that a <i>variant</i> is an alternative for another term in addition to the current
      one?</draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement></indexterm>
    <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>variant terms</indexterm></indexterm>
    <indexterm>glossentry
     elements<indexterm><xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement> element is available inside the
          <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> element, which is a container that provides a variant
        for the term specified in the topic's <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element. The
          <xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement> element makes it clear that there is a
        relationship between the current topic's term, the variant term defined in the parent
          <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement> element, and the term defined in the external glossary
        entry topic that it is linked to.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossAlternateFor</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>xref</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary entry module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
        conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-linkatts"/>, <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>, and <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-keyref"><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></xref>.</p>
      <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element, the
          <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> or <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt> attribute references a term for which the
        current variant is an alternate (in addition to the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> of
        this <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic). The reference could be to another
          <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic or to a <xmlelement>glossAlt</xmlelement>
        element within the same <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic (indicating that the
        current variant is an alternate for both the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> and the
        referenced alternate term).</p>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="06 August 2023">
        <p>The above wording does not track for me, nor does it match the earlier example for
            <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement>, or the 2009 Kara Warburton white paper. You can
          read my interpretation in the explanation of the example below.</p>
        <p>DS: I don't think the phrasing precludes your interpretation. In the example, fridge is
          an alternate for icebox and for refrigerator. But icebox could in fact be an alternate for
          refrigerator, so there could be a glossAlt establishing that, and then the
          glossAlternateFor from fridge could point to that glossAlt rather than another topic,
          and/or vice versa. I would think you would do that if you didn't want to have a separate
          topic for icebox. </p>
        <p>DS: I did have to think through cases where all glossAlts might not be alternates for
          each other, though, to determine why you would do this. I decided if my term was airplane,
          plane might be an alt, as might 747 or 737, while plane might be an alternatefor 747 and
          737, 747 would not be an alternate for 737. I don't know if I'm making sense, but this is
          how I've justified this element at all in my own head.</p>
      </draft-comment>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows a glossary entry topic for the term "Refrigerator". In
        addition to providing a definition, the glossary entry topic defines a variant term
        ("fridge"). It also links to another glossary entry topic for a variant term ("icebox")
        which is defined in a separate glossary entry topic.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="refrigerator">
    &lt;glossterm>Refrigerator&lt;/glossterm>
    &lt;glossdef>A refrigerator is a commercial and home appliance consisting
    of a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump (mechanical,
    electronic or chemical) that transfers heat from its inside to its
    external environment so that its inside is cooled to a temperature
    below the room temperature.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossPartOfSpeech value="noun"/>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossSynonym>fridge&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Casual and colloquial usage only.&lt;/glossUsage>
      <b>&lt;glossAlternateFor keyref="glossentry-icebox"/></b>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
    </example>

</refbody>
</reference>
