<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossPartOfSpeech" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement> element identifies the part of speech
    for the term specified in the topic's <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element., and any
    variant forms of the term also defined within the topic. term and any alternate or variant forms
    of the term defined within the topic. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>glossaries<indexterm>parts of speech</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The part of speech is defined within the <xmlatt>value</xmlatt> attribute. If validation is
        required, use a subject scheme to configure controlled values for the <xmlatt>value</xmlatt>
        attribute on the <xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement>. This approach avoids the need
        to hard code values in the XML grammar files, which would limit extension and would make
        values difficult to change for different languages. </p>
      <p>When the part of speech is not specified, the default is "noun."</p>
      <draft-comment author="dawnstevens">why is there a default? </draft-comment>
      <draft-comment author="dawnstevens">why isn't there a defined list of values? seems like we
        have a pre-defined list of possible values.</draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>data</xmlelement>. It is defined in the glossary entry module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-dataatts"/>, <ph conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-linkatts"
        />, and <ph conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>.</p>
      <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element, the <xmlatt>value</xmlatt> attribute specifies the
        part of speech for the term or terms.</p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows how the
          <xmlelement>glossPartOfSpeech</xmlelement> element can be used to
        specify the part of a speech for a term:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="refridgerator">
    &lt;glossterm>Refrigerator&lt;/glossterm>
    &lt;glossdef>A refrigerator is a commercial and home appliance consisting
    of a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump (mechanical,
    electronic or chemical) that transfers heat from its inside to its
    external environment so that its inside is cooled to a temperature
    below the room temperature.&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    <b>&lt;glossPartOfSpeech value="noun"/></b>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossSynonym>fridge&lt;/glossSynonym>
      &lt;glossUsage>Casual and colloquial usage only.&lt;/glossUsage>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
