<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="mathmlref">
  <title><xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element references a
    non-DITA XML document that contains MathML markup.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>MathML
              domain<indexterm><xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element enables the use
        MathML markup by reference. The reference must be to a MathML
          <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element. The reference can be one
        of the following:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>A URI that addresses an XML document. The XML document has a
          MathML <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element as the root
          element.</li>
        <li>A URI that addresses an XML document and contains a fragment
          identifier that is the XML ID of a <xmlelement>math</xmlelement>
          element within the document.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>The reference can be direct, using the <xmlatt>href</xmlatt>
        attribute, or indirect, using the <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt>
        attribute. For indirect referencing, only the key name should be
        specified. The ID of the <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element must
        be specified as part of the value for the <xmlatt>href</xmlatt>
        attribute on the key definition.</p>
      <div otherprops="examples" rev="review-i">
        <p>For example, to refer to the <xmlelement>math</xmlelement>
          element with the <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> of
            <keyword>math-fragment-02</keyword> within a larger document
          using a key reference, you would define the key in the following
          way:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;keydef keys="math-fragment-0002" href="mathml/mathml-library.xml#math-fragment-02"/></codeblock>
        <p>You reference this key by using just the key name:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;mathref <b>keyref="math-fragment-0002"</b>/></codeblock>
      </div>
    </section>
    <section id="processing-expectations">
      <title>Processing expectations</title>
      <p>Processors <term outputclass="RFC-2119">SHOULD</term> process the
        MathML as though the <xmlelement>m:math</xmlelement> element occurs
        directly in the content of the containing
          <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement> element.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>include</xmlelement>. It is defined in the MathML domain module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-inclusionatts"/>, <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-format"><xmlatt>format</xmlatt></xref>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-href"><xmlatt>href</xmlatt></xref>, <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-keyref"><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></xref>, and <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-scope"><xmlatt>scope</xmlatt></xref>.</p>
      <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element:<ul>
          <li>The <xmlatt>format</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of
              <keyword>mml</keyword>.</li>
          <li rev="review-i">The <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute is a
            reference to a MathML document or
              <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement> element. If the
              <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement> element is the root element
            of the referenced resource, then no fragment identifier is
            required. Otherwise, a fragment identifier must be specified,
            where the fragment identifier is the XML ID of the
              <xmlelement>mathml</xmlelement> element.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>parse</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of
              <keyword>xml</keyword>.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>This section contains examples of how the
          <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element can be used.</p>
      <fig>
        <title>Referencing a MathML <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> root
          element</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how a
            <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element can be used to
          reference a MathML <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element that is
          the root element of its containing document:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;equation-block>
  &lt;mathml>
    <b>&lt;mathmlref href="../mathml-source/mathml-root-mathml.mml"/></b>
  &lt;/mathml>
&lt;/equation-block></codeblock>
        <p>The <filepath>mathml-root-mathml.mml</filepath> file contains
          the following content. Note that the
            <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element sets the MathML namespace
          as the default namespace, so there are no namespace prefixes on
          the MathML markup.</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;math <b>xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML"</b> xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
  &lt;mstyle displaystyle="false" scriptlevel="0">
    &lt;mrow>
      &lt;mfrac>
        &lt;mrow>
          &lt;mi mathcolor="gray">sin&lt;/mi>
          &lt;mo rspace="verythinmathspace"/>                    
          &lt;mi>θ&lt;/mi>
        &lt;/mrow>
        &lt;mi>π&lt;/mi>
      &lt;/mfrac>
    &lt;/mrow>
  &lt;/mstyle>
&lt;/math></codeblock>
      </fig>
      <fig>
        <title>Referencing a specific <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element
          within a document</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how a
            <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element can reference a
          specific <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element in a containing
          XML file:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;equation-block>
  &lt;mathml>
    <b>&lt;mathmlref href="../mathml-source/mathml-equation-library.xml#mathfrag-02"/></b>
  &lt;/mathml>
&lt;/equation-block></codeblock>
        <p>The <filepath>mathml-equation-library.xml</filepath> file
          contains the following content:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;root>
  &lt;part>
    &lt;math id="timeinday" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">
      &lt;mi>x&lt;/mi>
    &lt;/math>
    &lt;math <b>id="mathfrag-02"</b> xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML">
      &lt;math>
        &lt;mrow>
          &lt;mi>y&lt;/mi>
          &lt;mo>=&lt;/mo>
          &lt;mn>5&lt;/mn>
          &lt;mi>x&lt;/mi>
          &lt;mo>+&lt;/mo>
          &lt;mn>2&lt;/mn>
        &lt;/mrow>
      &lt;/math>
    &lt;/math>
  &lt;/part>
  &lt;!-- ... -->
&lt;/root></codeblock>
      </fig>
      <!--<fig><title>Referencing a specific <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element within a document using keys</title><p>The following code sample shows how a <xmlelement>mathmlref</xmlelement> element can be used to reference a specific<xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element in a containing document by using keys. The <xmlelement>math</xmlelement> element has an <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute with the value of <keyword>equation-02</keyword>.</p><p>The key is defined as follows:</p><codeblock>&lt;keydef keys="mathml-equation-02" href="math/mathml-equations.xml#equation-02"
                 <b>format="mathml"</b>/></codeblock><p>Then refer to this key using just the key name:</p><codeblock>&lt;mathml>
  <b>&lt;mathmlref keyref="mathml-equation-02"/></b>
&lt;/mathml></codeblock><p><draft-comment author="nancylph" time="21 may 2021"><p>This is a pretty standard way of defining and using keys; do we really need to include this last example?</p></draft-comment></p></fig>-->
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
