<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="postreq" xml:lang="en-us"><title><xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement></title><shortdesc>The <xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement> element contains post-requisites. Post-requisites
    are steps or tasks that the users need to perform after completing the current
      task.<draft-comment author="Bill Burns" disposition="Closed">Suggest "The
        <xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement> element contains post-requisites—steps or tasks that the
      users need to perform after completing the current task."<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 26 October 2022</p>
        <p>Already changed to "Post-requisites are steps or tasks that the users need to perform
          after completing the current task."</p>
      </div></draft-comment></shortdesc><prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>Implementations might want to consider having their stylesheets
        render a label for this section.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>postreq</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample shows how a user might be directed to
        notify a test proctor after completing a test.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;steps>
&lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;step>
    &lt;cmd>Click &lt;uicontrol>Done&lt;/uicontrol> to complete the test.&lt;/cmd>
  &lt;/step>
&lt;/steps>
<b>&lt;postreq&gt;</b>Notify the proctor upon completing this self-test.<b>&lt;/postreq&gt;</b> 
</codeblock>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Closed">context and postreq have a comment in
        the example about how a label might be generated.<div>
          <p>Yes, that was in the review draft. I've removed that; I think the one place to really
            mention this is in the overview topics about task. There we can explain that these
            elements do not allow titles, and do task labels might be a good idea.</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
    </example></refbody></reference>
