<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="prereq" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> contains prerequisites. Prerequisites are things that
    users need to know or preliminary tasks that users need to perform before starting the current
      task.<draft-comment author="Bill Burns" disposition="Closed">Suggested change: "The
        <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> contains prerequisites—things that users need to know or
      preliminary tasks that users need to perform before starting the current task."<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 26 October 2022</p>
        <p>Already changed to "Prerequisites are things that users need to know or preliminary tasks
          that users need to perform before starting the current task."</p>
      </div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>rendering
          expectations<indexterm><xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>Implementations might want to consider having their stylesheets
        render a label for this section.</p>
    </section>
  <section id="rendering-expectations">
      <title>Rendering expectations</title>
      <p>Processors might render prerequisite links from the related-links section together with the
        content of the <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> element.<draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber"
          disposition="Referred">I'm not sure I would ever recommend this as there's no way,
          a-priori, to know if a given related link is for a prereq or postreq step or just a
          related task for whatever reason.<div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p>
            <p>I've never recommended or done this, either. This is verbiage (modified slightly over
              time) that has been present since early, pre-OASIS days. You can, of course, use @role
              and @otherrole to indicate that a link is a prerequisite link.</p>
            <p>DITA-OT implements some support for this, if my memory is correct. Let's ask the TC
              whether we should keep or remove this statement.</p>
          </div></draft-comment></p>
    </section>
  <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
   <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
   <p>The <xmlelement>prereq</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="attributes">
   <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
  </section>
  <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
   <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample is from a topic that explains how to
        create an SQLJ file. A prerequisite is to log into the SQLJ
        server.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;task id="sqlj"&gt;
 &lt;title&gt;Creating an SQLJ file&lt;/title&gt;
 &lt;taskbody&gt;
    <b>&lt;prereq&gt;</b>Before creating a new SQLJ file, you must 
  log in to the SQLJ server.
    <b>&lt;/prereq&gt;</b>
    &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;/taskbody&gt;
&lt;/task&gt;</codeblock>
      <p>Style sheets might generate a label, for example, <q>Before you begin</q>, to indicate
        clearly that the prerequisite task needs to be performed before embarking on the
          procedure.<draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber" disposition="Closed">Would it be
          appropriate to make the "log in to the SQLJ server" an explicit hyperlink? I.e.: <codeblock id="codeblock_jvr_2yq_3vb">&lt;xref keyref="task.login-sqlj">log in to the SQLJ server&lt;/xref></codeblock><div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p>
            <p>Whether or not that would be appropriate would depend on the guidelines for any
              particular implementation. Some implementation might allow (or maybe encourage that),
              others might not permit that (especially if the topic for "Logging into the SQLJ
              server" was nearby – or such a simple task that it does not need documentation). Still
              other implementation would want to use reltable links.</p>
            <p>In any case, I don't think that additional markup improves the example.</p>
          </div></draft-comment></p>
  </example>
</refbody>
</reference>

