<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="remedy" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element contains steps that are a potential
    solution for the problem described in the troubleshooting topic.<draft-comment
      author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="12 February 2023" disposition="Completed">Changed to
      read "The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element contains steps that are a potential solution
      for the problem."</draft-comment><draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein"
      time="12 February 2023">The short description should maybe mention that &lt;remedy> can
      contain &lt;responsibleParty>.</draft-comment></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>troubleshooting
          elements<indexterm><xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element is a component of a
        cause and remedy pair. The remedy might be omitted if there is no
        known remedy for the cause.</p>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">component of a &lt;troubleSolution>
        element. <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>Changed the first sentence to read "The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element is a
            component of potential solution."</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>.  It is defined in the troubleshooting module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>In the following code sample, the <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement>
        element contains instructions for how the responsible party can fix
        the problem. Note that rather than cross-referencing to another
        topic, the <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element from an existing
        topic is reused.</p>
      <draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Open">
        <p>under the &lt;cause> section below, the word 'the' is repeated, once at the end of the
          first line, and then at the beginning of the second</p>
        <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 09 February 2023</p>
          <p>Fixed.</p>
          <p>Dawn: should this just be a reference to the main example? or a conref of the section
            from that example?</p>
        </div>
        <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>Unfortunately, we cannot conref a portion of a code sample without introducing markup
            into the code sample. We could put the code snippet into a TXT file and use
              <xmlelement>coderef</xmlelement> to include it ...</p>
        </div>
      </draft-comment>
      <codeblock>&lt;troubleSolution>
  &lt;cause>A recurring memory fault indicates a possible problem with the
         the system memory board. Reseating the board might fix the problem.
  &lt;/cause>
  <b>&lt;remedy></b>
    &lt;steps conref="reseatBoard.dita#reseatBoard/steps">
      &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
    &lt;/steps>
  <b>&lt;/remedy></b>
&lt;/troubleSolution></codeblock>
    </example>
 </refbody>
</reference>