<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="responsibleParty" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement> responsibleParty</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element identifies the individual or team whose task it is to perform a remedy procedure.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>troubleshooting
            elements<indexterm><xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>p</xmlelement>. It is defined in the troubleshooting module.</p>
      <p>
        <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="07 February 2023">
          <p>Why is this specialized from <xmlelement>p</xmlelement>? I know that we included the
            element because it was part of the IBM troublehooting specialization, but I think it
            should be specialized from <xmlelement>data</xmlelement>, so it is not rendered by
            default. It's metadata that implementations might use to generate some text, but I can't
            imagine that anyone wants it rendered by default.</p>
          <div>
            <p>Dawn: All my clients who use it do want it rendered, if that counts for anything.
              They want readers of the content to understand that there are some things they should
              not attempt on their own – they don't have the right permissions, it voids their
              warranty, etc. We tend to implement special formatting on it – making it look like a
              note or similar to call attention to the restriction at the beginning of the remedy
              section.</p>
          </div>
          <div>
            <p>@Dawn, I'm sure that your clients want something rendered from the
                <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element. But, do they ever render just the
              contents of the element? Or are they using the element to contain more than the name
              of the responsible party?</p>
            <p>Given the example in this topic, if it was rendered as-is, there would just be the
              following preceding the steps:</p>
            <codeblock> &lt;p>IT technical support&lt;/p></codeblock>
            <p>Can you provide some examples of what your clients put n ths element?</p>
          </div>
          <div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
            <p>I wonder if we should redesign this element, if it is intended to be rendered. New
              name, new definition, new examples. In particular, maybe we should broaden the element
              to not just include the name of the "responsible party," but also any needed warnings
              or notes ...</p>
          </div>
        </draft-comment>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>In the following code sample, the
          <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element indicates the
        person who should perform the task:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;remedy>
  &lt;title>Remedy&lt;/title>
  <b>&lt;responsibleParty>IT technical support&lt;/responsibleParty></b>
  &lt;steps>
    &lt;step>&lt;cmd>Turn the system power switch to &lt;hwcontrol>Off&lt;/hwcontrol>.&lt;/cmd>&lt;/step>
    &lt;step>&lt;cmd>Reset the circuit breaker.&lt;/cmd>&lt;/step>
    &lt;step>&lt;cmd>Turn the system power switch to &lt;hwcontrol>On&lt;/hwcontrol>.&lt;/cmd>&lt;/step>
  &lt;/steps>
&lt;/remedy></codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
