<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="result" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>result</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>result</xmlelement> element describes the
    expected outcome for the task as a whole.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>result</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>result</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="specialization-hierarchy">
<title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
<p>The <xmlelement>result</xmlelement> element is specialized from <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>.
        It is defined in the task module.</p>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">Should also comment on generating a
        default title as done in context, postreq, prereq.<div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 20 October 2022</p>
          <p>I have added a "rendering expectations" section, as we discussed at the TC call this
            week.</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
</section>
<section id="attributes"><title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
   </section>
<example id="example" otherprops="examples">
<title>Example</title>
      <p>In the following code sample, the author clearly communicates the expected result of
        successfully completing the task:</p>
<codeblock>&lt;task id="sqlj"&gt;
  &lt;title&gt;Creating an SQLJ file&lt;/title&gt;
  &lt;taskbody&gt;
    &lt;!-- ... -->
    <b>&lt;result&gt;</b>The "File Created" window is displayed, and the SQLJ
            file is successfully created.
    <b>&lt;/result&gt;</b>
  &lt;/taskbody&gt;
&lt;/task&gt;<draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber" disposition="Completed">Super nit picky, but I would reverse the order of the two results: SQLJ file is created and "File created" window is displayed.<div><p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p><p>Done.</p></div></draft-comment><draft-comment author="Zoë Lawson" time="30 Oct 2022" disposition="Completed">Silly nit. Should "File Created" be wrapped in &lt;wintitle> instead of using quotes? Or is that outside of the Technical Content?<div><p>Kris Eberlein, 30 October 2022</p><p>Not a nit at all. Some of these legacy examples tended to have minimal markup. Done.</p></div></draft-comment></codeblock>
</example>
</refbody>
</reference>

