<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="step" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>step</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element contains a step. A step represents an action
    that a user can take to complete a task. It can also contain additional information about the
    step, such as an example, result, or troubleshooting guidance.<draft-comment author="Bill Burns"
      disposition="Completed">Suggested change: "The <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element
      represents an action that a user can take to complete a task."<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 26 October 2022</p>
        <p>Already changed to "A step is an action that a user can take to complete a task. It can
          also contain additional information about the step, such as an example, result, or
          troubleshooting guidance."</p>
      </div><div>
        <p>Eliot Kimber, 29 Oct 2022</p>
        <p>I would remove " also" as the step contains everything. The command is the thing for
          which "can also" would be appropriate.</p>
      </div><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p>
        <p>Done.</p>
      </div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>step</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>step</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
    <section id="rendering-expectations">
      <title>Rendering expectations</title>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein" time="07 October 2022" disposition="Completed">
        <p>I think we need to say something about what processors should do with the effective value
          of the <xmlatt>importance</xmlatt> attribute. I've seen processors not render anything --
          and it causes problems.</p>
        <div>
          <p>I have add the following content:</p>
          <p>When the @importance attribute is specified on the element, it indicates whether the
            step is optional or required. Implementations might want to consider having their
            stylesheets render a applicable label when @importance is specified on &lt;step>,</p>
        </div>
      </draft-comment>
    </section>
<section id="specialization-hierarchy">
<title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
<p>The <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element is specialized from <xmlelement>li</xmlelement>. It is
        defined in the task module.</p>
</section>
<section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>.</p>
  <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element, the <xmlatt>importance</xmlatt> attribute is limited
        to the values <keyword>optional</keyword>, <keyword>required</keyword>, or <xref
          keyref="attributes-useconreftarget">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>.</p>
    </section>
<example id="example" otherprops="examples">
<title>Example</title>
   <p>The following code sample shows almost all the elements that the <xmlelement>step</xmlelement>
        element can contain. It does not contain the <xmlelement>stepxmp</xmlelement>
          element.<draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">nor tutorialinfo nor
          choicetable. Nor note or hazardstatement before the cmd. Question the "almost all".
          Perhaps a different introduction to the example?<div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 20 October 2022</p>
            <p>Changed the intro paragraph to read: "The following code sample shows many of the
              elements that the element can contain:</p>
          </div></draft-comment></p>
<codeblock><b>&lt;step></b>
  &lt;cmd>Specify the configuration parameters.&lt;/cmd>
  &lt;info>The configuration parameters can be specified from either the command line or
        the product GUI.&lt;/info>
  &lt;choices>
    &lt;choice>From a command prompt, type config -l parameter&lt;/choice>
    &lt;choice>Click New Configuration Parameters.&lt;/choice>
  &lt;/choices>
  &lt;stepresult>You receive a 'Configuration successful message".&lt;/stepresult>
  &lt;steptroubleshooting>If you do not receive a 'Configuration successful message,"
                       retry the configuration operation.&lt;/steptroubleshooting>
<b>&lt;/step></b></codeblock>
</example>
</refbody>
</reference>
