<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="stepresult" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement></title>
<shortdesc>The <xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement> element provides  information about the expected
    outcome of a step.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement></indexterm><indexterm>task elements<indexterm><xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
  <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>div</xmlelement>. It is defined in the task module.</p>
    </section>
  <section id="attributes">
   <title>Attributes</title>
      <p conkeyref="reuse-attributes/only-universal"/>
  </section>
  <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
   <title>Example</title>
      <p>In the following example, the content of the
          <xmlelement>stepresult</xmlelement> element enables the user to
        ascertain whether they have completed the step correctly:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;step>
  &lt;cmd>Specify the configuration parameters.&lt;/cmd>
  &lt;info>The configuration parameters can be specified from either the command line or
        the product GUI.&lt;/info><draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">if we change from my previous comment, should change here too<div><p>Kris Eberlein, 20 October 2022
</p><p>Done.</p></div></draft-comment>
  &lt;choices>
    &lt;choice>From a command prompt, type config -l parameter&lt;/choice><draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">I would probably put &lt;userinput>config -1 parameter&lt;/userinput>. Regardless, missing the period at the end.<div><p>Kris Eberlein, 19 October 2022</p><p>But then does the reader risks thinking that they should type the period as part of the command? Regarding the markup, the question is whether adding additional inline elements (albeit certainly best semantic practice), makes it harder to read the code sample?
</p><p>Added extra tagging: &lt;codeph> and &lt;uicontrol>.</p></div></draft-comment>
    &lt;choice>Click New Configuration Parameters.&lt;/choice>
  &lt;/choices>
  <b>&lt;stepresult></b>You receive a 'Configuration successful message".<draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">I would punctuate 'Configuration successful' message. regardless of the position of the quote, the second should match the first. I would actually probably do &lt;msgph> or &lt;systemoutput> around Configuration successful.<div><p>Kris Eberlein, 19 October 2022</p><p>I corrected the type and placement of the quotation marks. Regarding the markup, the question is whether adding additional inline elements (albeit certainly best semantic practice), makes it harder to read the code sample?
</p><p>Added extra tagging: &lt;systemoutput></p></div></draft-comment>
  <b>&lt;/stepresult></b>
&lt;/step></codeblock>
      <!--<codeblock>&lt;steps&gt;
 &lt;step&gt;
  &lt;cmd importance="urgent"&gt;Once you have the water place it in the microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
  &lt;info&gt;Try not to spill any, as water is very wet.&lt;/info&gt;
 &lt;/step&gt;
 &lt;step importance="required"&gt;
  &lt;cmd&gt;Start the Microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
  &lt;stepxmp&gt;As an example, push the &lt;b&gt;Start&lt;/b&gt; button&lt;/stepxmp&gt;
  <b>&lt;stepresult&gt;</b>The Microwave starts running. You should hear it humming.<b>&lt;/stepresult&gt;</b>
 &lt;/step&gt;
 &lt;step importance="optional"&gt;
  &lt;cmd&gt;Once the water begins to boil, stop the Microwave.&lt;/cmd&gt;
 &lt;/step&gt;
&lt;/steps&gt;
</codeblock>-->
  </example>
</refbody>
</reference>

