<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="svgref">
  <title><xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> element references a non-DITA XML document that
    contains scalable vector graphic (SVG) markup.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>SVG
            domain<indexterm><xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> element enables the use of SVG
        markup by reference. The reference must be to a SVG
          <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element <ph rev="review-i">that is
          stored in a separate, non-DITA XML document</ph>. The reference
        can be one of the following:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>A URI that addresses an XML document which has a SVG
            <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element as the root element</li>
        <li>A URI that addresses an XML document and contains a fragment
          identifier that is the XML ID of a <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement>
          element within the document </li>
      </ul>
      <p>The reference can be direct, using the <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute, or indirect, using
        the <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt> attribute. For indirect referencing, only the key name should be
        specified. The ID of the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element must be specified as part of
        the value for the <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute on the key definition.</p>
      <div otherprops="examples">
        <p>For example, to refer to the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement>
          element with the <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> of
            <keyword>svg-fragment-02</keyword> within a larger document
          using a key reference, you would define the key in the following
          way:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;keydef keys="svg-fragment-0002" href="svg/svg-library.xml#svg-fragment-02"/></codeblock>
        <p>You reference this key by using just the key name:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;svg-container>
  &lt;svgref <b>keyref="svg-fragment-0002"</b>/>
&lt;/svg-container></codeblock>
      </div>
    </section>
    <section id="processing-information">
      <title>Processing information</title>
      <p>Processors <term outputclass="RFC-2119">SHOULD</term> process the
        SVG as though the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element occurs
        directly in the content of the containing
          <xmlelement>svg-container</xmlelement> element.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> is specialized from <xmlelement>include</xmlelement>.
        It is defined in the SVG domain module.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="attributes">
      <title>Attributes</title>
      <p>The following attributes are available on this element: <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-inclusionatts"/>, <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-linkatts"/>, <ph
          conkeyref="reuse-attributes/ref-universalatts"/>, and <xref
          keyref="attributes-common/attr-keyref"><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></xref>.</p>
      <p id="attr-exception" outputclass="attr-exception">For this element:<ul>
          <li>The <xmlatt>format</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of
              <keyword>svg</keyword>.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute is a reference to an SVG
            document or SVG element. If the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement>
            element is the root element of the referenced resource, then no
            fragment identifier is required. Otherwise, a fragment
            identifier must be specified, where the fragment identifier is
            the XML ID of the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element.</li>
          <li>The <xmlatt>parse</xmlatt> attribute has a default value of
              <keyword>xml</keyword>.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>This section contains examples of how the
          <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> element can be used.</p>
      <fig>
        <title>Referencing an SVG that is a root element</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows how an
            <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> element can be used to
          reference an <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element that is the
          root element of its containing document:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;fig>
  &lt;title>Figure with an SVG container&lt;/title>
  &lt;svg-container>
    <b>&lt;svgref href="media/svg/svg-graphic-01.xml"/></b>
  &lt;/svg-container>
&lt;/fig></codeblock>
        <p>The <filepath>svg-graphic-01.xml</filepath> file contains the
          following content. Note that the <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement>
          element sets the SVG namespace as the default namespace, so there
          are no namespace prefixes on the SVG
          markup.<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;svg <b>xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"</b> width="100" height="100">
  &lt;defs>
    &lt;filter id="f1" x="0" y="0">
      &lt;feGaussianBlur in="SourceGraphic" stdDeviation="15"/>
    &lt;/filter>
  &lt;/defs>
  &lt;rect width="90" height="90" stroke="green" stroke-width="3" fill="yellow" 
        filter="url(#f1)"/>
&lt;/svg></codeblock></p>
      </fig>
      <fig>
        <title>Referencing a specific SVG within a document</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows an
            <xmlelement>svgref</xmlelement> element can be used to
          reference a specific <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> element in a
          containing XML file:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;fig>
  &lt;title>Figure with SVG container&lt;/title>
  &lt;svg-container>
    <b>&lt;svgref href="media/svg/svg-library.xml#frag-0001" /></b>
  &lt;/svg-container>
&lt;/fig></codeblock>
        <p>The <filepath>svg-library.xml</filepath> file contains the
          following
          content:<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;root>
  &lt;part>
    &lt;svg <b>id="frag-0001"</b> xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="100" height="100">
      &lt;defs>
        &lt;filter id="f1" x="0" y="0">
          &lt;feGaussianBlur in="SourceGraphic" stdDeviation="15"/>
        &lt;/filter>
      &lt;/defs>
      &lt;rect width="90" height="90" stroke="green" stroke-width="3" fill="yellow" 
            filter="url(#f1)"/>
    &lt;/svg>
    &lt;!-- ... -->
  &lt;/part>
&lt;/root></codeblock></p>
      </fig>
      <!--<p>The following example shows how to define a key in order to use <xmlelement>svg</xmlelement> to include an SVG fragment with the <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> of "svg-fragment-02" from within a larger document:<codeblock id="codeblock_w1r_ktn_ywb">&lt;keydef 
  keys="svg-fragment-0002" 
  href="svg/svg-library.xml#svg-fragment-02"
/></codeblock>Then refer to this key using just the key name:<codeblock id="codeblock_x1r_ktn_ywb">&lt;svg-container>
  &lt;svgref keyref="svg-fragment-0002"/>
&lt;/svg-container></codeblock></p><draft-comment author="nancylph" time="21 may 2021"><p>This is a pretty standard way of defining and using keys; do we really need to include this last example?</p></draft-comment>-->
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
