<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="troubleshooting" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title><xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement></title>
  <shortdesc>The <xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement> element is the top-level element for a
    troubleshooting topic. Troubleshooting topics provide information that enables readers to
    identify, diagnosis, and potentially remedy a problem situation.<draft-comment author="nancylph"
      disposition="Completed">
      <p>diagnose, not diagnosis</p>
      <div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 08 February 2023</p>
        <p> Thanks for catching this. I've corrected it. And changed the 2nd sentence to read
          "Troubleshooting topics provide information that enables readers to identify a condition,
          diagnose a cause, and potentially fix the problem."</p>
      </div>
    </draft-comment></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm><xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement></indexterm>
        <indexterm>troubleshooting
            elements<indexterm><xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="usage-information">
      <title>Usage information</title>
      <p>Troubleshooting topics begin with a description of a condition
        that the reader might want to correct, followed by one or more
        cause and remedy pairs. Each cause and remedy pair is a potential
        solution to the problem that is described in the condition.
        Troubleshooting topics represent the kind of information that users
        typically consult to fix a problem.</p>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Accepted">Is everyone ok with "pairs" –
        technically, it doesn't have to be a pair. &lt;troubleSolution> can contain one or more of
        &lt;cause> and &lt;remedy>. maybe "combinations" would be more accurate? that said, I like
        pairs, it's just not technically accurate.  <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>I went and looked at the DITA 1.3 topic. The current content of "Usage information" is
            the 1.3 content plus a sentence that was in an untitled section. I think it needs to be
            reworked to cover the DITA 2.0 changes (addition of diagnostics, making the
            &lt;troubleSolution> element optional) and the more precise wording that reviewers think
            is needed.</p>
          <p>I've (tentatively) changed the content of the section to read "Troubleshooting topics
            begin with a description of a problem that the reader might want to correct. This can be
            followed by diagnostic information and possible solutions to the problem."</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
      <draft-comment author="Stan Doherty">FWIW – diagnosis precedes root cause analysis (RCA). Why
        are we recommending that RCA precede diagnosis? The truth is that some of the more simple
        troubleshooting issues can begin with an obvious RCA. Most do not.  <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 10 February 2023</p>
          <p>Is there a particular place in this topic (or collection of topics) where we recommend
            that root cause analysis (RCA) precedes diagnosis? An example would really help me
            respond to your comment.</p>
        </div></draft-comment>
    </section>
    <section id="specialization-hierarchy">
      <title>Specialization hierarchy</title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement> element is specialized from
          <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement>. It is defined in the troubleshooting module.</p>
    </section>
    <section conkeyref="reuse-topic/attributes" id="attributes"/>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following code sample contains a troubleshooting topic. The troubleshooting topic
        contains three cause and remedy pairs that direct the user to perform sequential
        troubleshooting tasks: Resetting the alarm, reseating the system memory board, and replacing
        the memory board. Note that some steps are reused from other topics.<draft-comment
          author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">in this case, the word pair is accurate. there
          is a one to one relationship in each troubleSolution <div>
            <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
            <p>I've changed the second sentence to read: "The troubleshooting topic contains three
                <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement>elements that direct the user to perform
              sequential troubleshooting tasks: …"</p>
          </div></draft-comment></p>
      <codeblock><b>&lt;troubleshooting id="E247" xml:lang="en-us"></b>
  &lt;title>&lt;msgph>&lt;msgnum>E247&lt;/msgnum>: Memory fault has occurred&lt;/msgph>&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>The system has detected a memory problem.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;troublebody>
    &lt;condition>
      &lt;p>The fault indicator flashes on the front panel, and the error log
        contains the &lt;msgnum>E247&lt;/msgnum> error message.&lt;/p>
    &lt;/condition>
    &lt;troubleSolution>
      &lt;cause>p>A transient memory fault has occurred.&lt;/p>&lt;/cause>
      &lt;remedy>
        &lt;steps>
          &lt;step>&lt;cmd>Reset the alarm.&lt;/cmd>&lt;/step>
          &lt;step>&lt;cmd>Monitor the system periodically to see whether the alarm
              recurs.&lt;/cmd>
          &lt;/step>
        &lt;/steps>
      &lt;/remedy>
    &lt;/troubleSolution>
    &lt;troubleSolution>
      &lt;cause>&lt;p>A recurring memory fault indicates a possible problem with the
          system memory board. Reseating the board might fix the
          problem.&lt;/p>&lt;/cause>
      &lt;remedy>
        &lt;steps conref="boardReseat.dita#boardReseat/steps">
          &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
        &lt;/steps>
      &lt;/remedy>
    &lt;/troubleSolution>
    &lt;troubleSolution>
      &lt;cause>p>Reseating the system memory board did not fix the problem.
          Replacing the board might fix the problem.&lt;/p>&lt;/cause>
      &lt;remedy>
        &lt;steps conref="boardReplace.dita#boardReplace.dita/steps">
          &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
        &lt;/steps>
      &lt;/remedy>
    &lt;/troubleSolution>
  &lt;/troublebody>
<b>&lt;/troubleshooting></b></codeblock>
      <draft-comment author="dstevens73">I know that someone asked the question last time about the
        logic of when elements are shown in context and when they are not. My instinct on this
        example was to suggest adding diagnostics here and making on the solutions have a
        responsible party, so all elements refer to the one master example. Since most of the
        elements (except troubleBody) just show a portion of this example, is it necessary here?
        Should the extracts in the other topics be conrefs? <div>
          <p>Kris Eberlein, 12 February 2023</p>
          <p>I don't think we can have one troubleshooting example that we use for all elements.
            Reasons:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>We'd have to develop an entirely new topic that included both
                <xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement> and
                <xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement>.</li>
            <li>The topic would be extremely long, and it would difficult for readers to locate the
              specific markup. It might perhaps be too long for the PDF output; if the contents of a
              code block covers more than a full page, our style sheets don't handle it well.</li>
          </ul>
        </div></draft-comment>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
