<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="glossaryArch" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Glossary entry</title>
  <shortdesc>Each glossary entry <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic defines a single sense of
    one term. Besides identifying the term and providing a definition, the topic accommodates basic
    terminology information such as part of speech. A glossentry topic might also include acronyms
    and acronym expansions. Glossentry topics can be assembled by authors or processes to create
    glossaries for various purposes, including books, websites, or other projects.<draft-comment
      author="robander" audience="spec-editors" time="25 may 2021">I think I'm being picky but
      "including books, websites, or other projects" does not seem to add anything to this
      already-long shortdesc.</draft-comment></shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section id="purpose">
      <title>The purpose of the glossary entry topic</title>
      <p>Defining terminology in a glossary ensures that a team of writers uses the same term for
        the same concept. A glossary added to a book or available online in conjunction with other
        subject matter provides the reader with definitions of unfamiliar terms and expands
        acronyms.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="structure">
      <title>The structure of the glossentry topic</title>
      <p>The top-level element for a DITA glossentry topic is the <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement>
        element. Every glossentry topic contains a <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> and a <xmlelement>glossdef</xmlelement> element and
        optional <xmlelement>related-links</xmlelement>.</p>
      <p>Where a term has multiple definitions, best practices call for the writer to create
        multiple glossentry topics with the same term in the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement>
        element but different definitions in the <xmlelement>glossdef</xmlelement> element. A
        processor can collate and group glossentry topics by term when generating formatted output.
        Note that definitions with the same term in one language can have different terms in other
        languages, so translations can result in different collation and grouping of the same set of
        glossentry topics.</p>
      <p>Here is an example of a simple glossentry topic:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="ddl">
    &lt;glossterm>Data Definition Language&lt;/glossterm>
    &lt;glossdef>A language used for defining database schemas.&lt;/glossdef>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
      <p>To create a glossary, authors can group multiple entries together by<ul id="ul_pbk_vlq_spb">
          <li>authoring in a single document using the Glossary group document type</li>
          <li>authoring in a single document under a container topic using the ditabase document
            type</li>
          <li>referencing the glossentry topics from a map</li>
          <li>using an automated process</li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>For example, an automated process might assemble glossentry topics from a repository based
        on the <xmlelement>term</xmlelement> markup in a particular collection of topics.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="acronyms">
      <title>Acronyms defined within glossentry topics</title>
      <p>The glossentry topic can be used to provide expansions of acronyms in online text and
        assist in the proper translation of acronyms into multiple languages. The acronym elements
        of the glossentry topic include the following:<ul
          id="ul_584c0ec8-47d8-48db-8f4c-4e8e67e87d52">
          <li><xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> specifies the full term to which the acronym
            refers.</li>
          <li><xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> specifies the appropriate rendering of the
            full term plus the acronym.</li>
          <li><xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> specifies the acronym for the term.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <draft-comment author="robander" audience="spec-editors" time="25 may 2021">As in a bookmap,
        should decide whether we want to start with "Here is..."<p>Also we should be able to come up
          with an example that is not WMDs. Maybe just use the EU example (we already have the
          Polish example here), and leave the "translation without acronym" example to a note or
          comment?</p></draft-comment>
      <p>Here is an example of an acronym used in the glossentry topic:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="wmd" xml:lang="en">
  &lt;glossterm>Weapons of Mass Destruction&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>...&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossSurfaceForm>Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD)&lt;/glossSurfaceForm>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>WMD&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
      <p>Here is an example of how the glossentry topic would be translated into Spanish:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="wmd" xml:lang="es">
  &lt;glossterm>armas de destrucción masiva&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>...&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossSurfaceForm>&lt;/glossSurfaceForm>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
      <p>Note that because no acronym exists for the term in Spanish, the <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> and
        <xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> elements are left blank.</p>
      <p>In some languages, the surface form that expands the acronym in its first use handles the
        formatting differently than in English. For example, in Polish, the acronym precedes the
        expansion.</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;glossentry id="eu" xml:lang="pl">
  &lt;glossterm>Unia Europejska&lt;/glossterm>
  &lt;glossdef>...&lt;/glossdef>
  &lt;glossBody>
    &lt;glossSurfaceForm>UE (Unia Europejska)&lt;/glossSurfaceForm>
    &lt;glossAlt>
      &lt;glossAcronym>UE&lt;/glossAcronym>
    &lt;/glossAlt>
  &lt;/glossBody>
&lt;/glossentry></codeblock>
      <p>For more information about the correct use of acronym expansions in multiple languages, see
          <cite>Best Practice for Managing Acronyms and Abbreviations in DITA</cite>, produced by
        the DITA Translation Subcommittee. <xref format="html"
          href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/29734/AcronymBestPractice_08112008.doc"
          scope="external"/></p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
