<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita-troubleshooting-topic" xml:lang="en-us"
 > 
  <title>Troubleshooting</title> 
  <shortdesc>Troubleshooting topics are designed to document corrective action, such as
        troubleshooting and alarm clearing.<draft-comment author="Stan Doherty">Recommend
            "Troubleshooting topics are designed to document diagnostic and corrective action" . . .
        </draft-comment></shortdesc> 
  <conbody>
    <section id="purpose">
            <title>Purpose</title>
            <p>Troubleshooting topics serve the following purposes:</p>
            <ol>
                <li>Define the condition or symptom, which usually is an undesirable state in a
                    system, a product, or a service that a reader wants to correct</li>
                <li>Provide information that helps the reader diagnose which cause and remedy pairs
                        apply<draft-comment author="dstevens73">which cause
                    applies</draft-comment></li>
                <li>Explain the cause of the condition or symptom, if it is known, and describe how
                    to remedy the condition or symptom, if possible</li>
            </ol>
            <draft-comment author="Stan Doherty">The third list item seems redundant to the first
                two. </draft-comment>
        </section>
    <section id="content-model">
            <title>Content model</title>
            <p>The troubleshooting topic is divided into three parts:</p>
            <draft-comment author="nancylph">
                <p>the first and third items in this list mirror the names of the elements we use
                    for them, but the middle one uses 'diagnosis' rather than diagnostics. Do we
                    want to keep this, or not?</p>
                <p>Dawn: I think it's fine. the connection seems clear to me.</p>
            </draft-comment>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Condition</dt>
                    <dd>This portion of the topic can contain a <xref keyref="elements-condition"
                                ><xmlelement>condition</xmlelement></xref> element. This element is
                        optional, as often the problematic condition can be adequately described in
                        the title and short description.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Diagnosis</dt>
                    <dd>This portion of the topic provides information that helps determine which
                        cause and remedy pair applies to a given situation. It can contain the
                        following elements: <xref keyref="elements-diagnostics-general"
                                ><xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement></xref> and <xref
                            keyref="elements-diagnostics-steps"
                                ><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></xref>.<draft-comment
                            author="dstevens73">which cause applies </draft-comment><draft-comment
                            author="Stan Doherty">or . . . "which causes and remedies apply" . . .
                        </draft-comment></dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Trouble solution</dt>
                    <dd>
                        <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="07 February 2023">
                            <p>The "definition" here needs to be reworded. It probably should
                                address the following points:</p>
                            <ul>
                                <li>A troubleshooting topic must contain at least one
                                        <xmlelement>troublesolution</xmlelement> element.</li>
                                <li>A <xmlelement>troublesolution</xmlelement> must contain either a
                                        <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement>
                                        or<xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element.</li>
                                <li>A <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element must include either
                                        <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> or
                                        <xmlelement>steps-unordered</xmlelement>.</li>
                            </ul>
                            <p>Dawn: remedy can also include &lt;steps-informal>; in all cases make
                                sure it is &lt;troubleSolution>, with the capital S. Also, I thought
                                we changed the model in 2.0 to not require a &lt;troubleSolution> –
                                it's possible the topic's purpose is just diagnostics.</p>
                        </draft-comment>This portion of the topic provides information about how to
                        remedy the problematic solution. It can contain multiple <xref
                            keyref="elements-cause"><xmlelement>cause</xmlelement></xref> and <xref
                            keyref="elements-remedy"><xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement></xref>
                            pairs.<draft-comment author="nancylph" disposition="Completed">
                            <p>I don't think we want to remedy a 'problematic solution'. We want to
                                remedy a problem by providing a solution.</p>
                            <div>
                                <p>Kris Eberlein, 08 February 2023</p>
                                <p>Too true! Thanks for catching this. Changed "problematic
                                    solution" to "problem".</p>
                            </div>
                        </draft-comment></dd>
                    <dd>
                        <p>Cause and remedy might occur in combinations other than pairs. It is
                            possible to have:</p>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Multiple causes with the same remedy </li>
                            <li>A single cause with more than one remedy </li>
                            <li>A remedy with no known cause </li>
                            <li>A cause with no known remedy </li>
                        </ul>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <draft-comment author="dstevens73">Yes! This is my point throughout about why I was
                working to eliminate the word "pairs"</draft-comment>
        </section>
    <example id="example" otherprops="examples">
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>This section of the topics contains examples of troubleshooting
        topics.</p>
      <fig>
        <title>Simple troubleshooting topic</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows a simple troubleshooting topic.
          The title and short description describe the problem, and the
          single <xmlelement>troublesolution</xmlelement> element contains
          explanations of the cause of the problem and how to remedy
          it.</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;troubleshooting id="oasis-spec-not-rendered-correctly">
  &lt;title>Specification PDF is not rendered correctly&lt;/title>
  &lt;shortdesc>The specification URIs and notices appear in the TOC; they also appear 
             twice in the body of the document.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;troublebody>
    &lt;troubleSolution>
      &lt;cause>
        &lt;p>This problem occurs when the &lt;xmlelement>notices&lt;/xmlelement> element 
           for external publishing is not excluded.&lt;/p>
      &lt;/cause>
      &lt;remedy>
        &lt;steps>
          &lt;step>
            &lt;cmd>Use a DITAVAL file that excludes the &lt;xmlelement>notices
                 platform="external-publishing-engine"&lt;/xmlelement> element
                 when you generate the PDF.&lt;/cmd>
          &lt;/step>
        &lt;/steps>
      &lt;/remedy>
    &lt;/troubleSolution>
  &lt;/troublebody>
&lt;/troubleshooting></codeblock>
      </fig>
      <fig>
        <title>Complex troubleshooting topic</title>
        <p>The following code sample shows a complex troubleshooting topic about "Blinking printer
                    lights." It contains a <xmlelement>diganostics-general</xmlelement> elements
                    that contains a table that outlines printer light conditions and the associated
                    remedies. It also includes several <xmlelement>troubesolution</xmlelement>
                    elements that reuses steps from other DITA topics.<draft-comment
                        author="nancylph">
                        <p>Couple of things: 1) the diagnostics-general element is mis-spelled. 2)
                            There is only a single instance of that element, so it should say
                            'element' not 'elements' 3) the troublesolution element is also
                            mis-spelled and 4) also has a disagreement between the multiple
                            instances and the singular 'reuses' verb.</p>
                    </draft-comment><draft-comment author="Stan Doherty">The phrase "associated
                        remedies" assumes that we writers are fairly confident that Cause-X is
                        closely associated with Remedy-Y. It may be prudent to go with "possible
                        remedies".</draft-comment><draft-comment author="dstevens73">In the example,
                        the remedies "clean" and "ink" do not have explicit conrefs to show the
                        reuse, they just appear to be empty steps.</draft-comment></p>
        <codeblock>troubleshooting id="blinking-lights">
  &lt;title>Blinking printer lights&lt;/title>
  &lt;troublebody>
  &lt;condition>&lt;p>The indicator lights are blinking and you are unable to print.&lt;/p>&lt;/condition>
  &lt;diagnostics>
    &lt;diagnostics-general>&lt;p>Use the following table to diagnose the problem.&lt;/p>
      &lt;simpletable frame="all" id="light-diagnostics" relcolwidth="1* 2*">
        &lt;sthead>
          &lt;stentry>Lights&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>Issue&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/sthead>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry>The power light is flashing and the resume light is off./stentry>
          &lt;stentry>The printer is preparing to print. No action is required. The light 
                   will stop flashing when the printer has received all data.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry> The connecton and error lghts flash for five seconds.&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>The printer has lost connection with the camera. Unplug and replug the 
                   camera.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry> The power light is on, and the resume light is flashing.&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>Printer jam. See &lt;xref href="#./jam"/>.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry>The power and resume lights are flashing.&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>Printer is stalled and needs to be restarted. See
                   &lt;xref href="#./restart"/>.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry>The left cartridge light is on, and right cartridge list is off.&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>Low ink. See &lt;xref href="#./ink"/>.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry>The left cartridge light is on, and the right cartridge list is flashing.
          &lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>Dirty ink cartridge. See &lt;xref href="#./clean"/>.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
        &lt;strow>
          &lt;stentry>The connection list is on, and the error light is flashing.&lt;/stentry>
          &lt;stentry>The camera is not set to the correct mode for transferring photos. Change 
                   the camera mode.&lt;/stentry>
        &lt;/strow>
      &lt;/simpletable>
    &lt;/diagnostics-general>
  &lt;/diagnostics>
  &lt;troubleSolution>
    &lt;remedy id="jam">
      &lt;title>Clearing a paper jam &lt;/title>
      &lt;steps conkeyref="clear-jam/steps">
        &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
    &lt;/remedy>
  &lt;/troubleSolution>
  &lt;troubleSolution>
    &lt;remedy id="clean">
      &lt;title>Cleaning ink cartridge&lt;/title>
      &lt;steps>
        &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
    &lt;/remedy>
  &lt;/troubleSolution>
  &lt;troubleSolution>
    &lt;remedy id="ink">
      &lt;title>Replacing ink cartridge&lt;/title>
      &lt;steps>
        &lt;step>&lt;cmd/>&lt;/step>
      &lt;/steps>
    &lt;/remedy>
    &lt;/troubleSolution>
  &lt;/troublebody>
&lt;/troubleshooting>
</codeblock>
      </fig>
    </example>
    <!--<section id="infotype"><title>The troubleshooting information type</title><p>In its simplest form, troubleshooting information follows this pattern:</p><ol><li>A condition or symptom. Usually the condition or symptom is an undesirable state in a system, a product, or a service that a reader wants to correct. </li><li>A cause for the condition or symptom. </li><li>A remedy for the condition or symptom. </li></ol><p>The troubleshooting topic provides sections for describing the condition, causes, and remedies needed to restore a system, a product, or a service to normal.</p><p>For some conditions there could be more than one cause-remedy pair. The troubleshooting topic accommodates this. Typically, a cause is immediately followed by its remedy. Multiple cause-remedy pairs can provide a series of successive fall-backs for resolving a condition. An optional diagnostics section can be included to assist in determining which of the cause-remedy pairs applies to the specific situation.</p><p>Cause and remedy might occur in combinations other than pairs. It is possible to have:</p><ul><li>Multiple causes with the same remedy </li><li>A single cause with more than one remedy </li><li>A remedy with no known cause </li><li>A cause with no known remedy </li></ul><p>The troubleshooting information type also can be used to document alarm clearing strategies.</p></section>-->
    <!--<section id="structure"><title>The structure of the troubleshooting topic</title><p>The top-level element for troubleshooting topics is <xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement>. The <xmlelement>troubleshooting</xmlelement> element contains a <xmlelement>title</xmlelement>, a short description or <xmlelement>abstract</xmlelement>, a <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement>, a <xmlelement>troublebody</xmlelement>, and <xmlelement>related-links</xmlelement>.</p><p><xmlelement>troublebody</xmlelement> is the main body element in a troubleshooting topic. The <xmlelement>troublebody</xmlelement> element contains the following elements:</p><dl><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>condition</xmlelement> </dt><dd>This optional element is the first child of <xmlelement>troublebody</xmlelement>, and it describes a condition or symptom that is associated with an undesirable state in a system, a product, or a service. Do not use this element in cases where the topic title fully explains the condition.</dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement></dt><dd>This optional element precedes <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> and provides information used to determine which cause-remedy pair applies in a given situation.<p>The <xmlelement>diagnostics</xmlelement> element contains one of the following elements:<dl><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>diagnostics-general</xmlelement></dt><dd>This element provides non-procedural diagnostic information, such as a flowchart diagram or a look-up table of symptoms. Results of the diagnostic may link to the specific cause-remedy section that applies to each result. </dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>diagnostics-steps</xmlelement></dt><dd>This element provides step-by-step instructions for diagnosing the problem. Step results may link to the specific cause-remedy section that applies.</dd></dlentry></dl></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> </dt><dd>One or more <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> elements appears in the <xmlelement>troublebody</xmlelement> element. <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> is a wrapper element for <xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement>, each of which are a cause-remedy pair.<draft-comment author="robander" time="25 may 2021" audience="spec-editors">Not certain, but I Think "each of which are a cause-remedy pair" can be removed? I think it's not adding anything and I'm not entirely sure exactly what "each" refers to.</draft-comment></dd></dlentry></dl><p>The <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> element contains the following elements:</p><dl><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>cause</xmlelement> </dt><dd>This optional, repeatable, first-child of<xmlelement>condition</xmlelement> <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> describes a possible cause for the condition. </dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> </dt><dd><p>This optional, repeatable, last-child of <xmlelement>troubleSolution</xmlelement> describes a possible remedy for the condition.</p><p>The <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element begins with an optional <xmlelement>title</xmlelement> element followed by an optional <xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement> element followed by either a <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element, a <xmlelement>steps-unordered</xmlelement> element, or a <xmlelement>steps-informal</xmlelement> element. The content models for <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>steps-unordered</xmlelement>, and <xmlelement>steps-informal</xmlelement> are borrowed from <xmlelement>task</xmlelement>. This allows <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> to reuse steps from tasks.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry><dt><xmlelement>responsibleParty</xmlelement></dt><dd>This optional first child of <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> indicates who is expected to perform the steps that are outlined in the <xmlelement>remedy</xmlelement> element.</dd></dlentry></dl></section>-->
    <!--<example id="example" otherprops="examples"><p>Here is an example of a troubleshooting topic:</p><draft-comment author="robander" time="25 may 2021" audience="spec-editors">This is so much longer than examples for other specializations, I wonder if we should abbreviate some of it with &lt;!– comments -\-></draft-comment><codeblock>&lt;troubleshooting id="blinking_lights">
    &lt;title>Blinking lights&lt;/title>
    &lt;shortdesc>Printer indicator lights are blinking, indicating an error of some kind.&lt;/shortdesc>
    &lt;troublebody>
        &lt;condition>The printer indicator lights are blinking and you are unable to print.&lt;/condition>
        &lt;diagnostics>
            &lt;diagnostics-general>&lt;p>Use the table below to determine the problem.&lt;/p>
              &lt;table frame="all" id="light_diagnostics">
                &lt;title>Printer light diagnostics&lt;/title>
                &lt;tgroup cols="2">
                    &lt;colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    &lt;colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2*"/>
                    &lt;thead>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>Lights&lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>Issue&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                    &lt;/thead>
                    &lt;tbody>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Power light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Resume light: Off&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>The printer is preparing to print. No action is required. The
                                light will stop flashing when the printer has received all
                                data.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Power light: On&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Resume light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>Printer jam. See &lt;xref
                                    href="#trouble_olv_gvg_wmb/jam" format="dita"/>.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Power light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Resume light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>Printer is stalled and needs to be restarted. See &lt;xref
                                    href="#trouble_olv_gvg_wmb/restart" format="dita"/>.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Left cartridge light: On&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Right cartridge light: Off&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>Low ink. See &lt;xref href="#trouble_olv_gvg_wmb/ink"
                                    format="dita"/>.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Left cartridge light: On&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Right cartridge light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>Dirty ink cartridge. See &lt;xref
                                    href="#trouble_olv_gvg_wmb/clean" format="dita"/>.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Connection light: Flashes for five seconds&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Error light: Flashes for five seconds&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>The printer has lost connection with the camera while printing.
                                Unplug and replug the camera.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Connection light: On&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Error light: Flashing&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>The camera is not set to the correct mode for transferring
                                photos. Change the camera mode.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                        &lt;row>
                            &lt;entry>
                                &lt;ul>
                                    &lt;li>Connection light: Off&lt;/li>
                                    &lt;li>Error light: On&lt;/li>
                                &lt;/ul>
                            &lt;/entry>
                            &lt;entry>An unsupported device, such as a mouse, has been connected to the
                                front USB port. Disconnect the unsupported device.&lt;/entry>
                        &lt;/row>
                    &lt;/tbody>
                &lt;/tgroup>
              &lt;/table>
            &lt;/diagnostics-general>
        &lt;/diagnostics>
        &lt;troubleSolution>
            &lt;remedy id="jam">
                &lt;title>Clearing a paper jam &lt;/title>
                &lt;steps>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Turn off the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Remove the rear access door by pressing the handle to the right and
                            pulling out the door.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Remove any paper that is inside the printer by pulling the paper out
                            from the back of the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Replace the rear access door.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>If the paper jam cannot be removed from the back of the printer, raise
                            the printer cover, remove the paper jam from the front of the printer,
                            and then lower the cover.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Turn on the printer and print the document again. &lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                &lt;/steps>
            &lt;/remedy>
        &lt;/troubleSolution>
        &lt;troubleSolution>
            &lt;remedy id="restart">
                &lt;title>Restarting the printer&lt;/title>
                &lt;steps>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Press the Power button to turn off the printer, and then press the
                            Power button to restart the printer. &lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;info>Proceed to step 2 if the lights continue to flash.&lt;/info>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Press the Power button to turn off the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Disconnect the printer power cord from the electrical outlet.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Reconnect the printer power cord to the electrical outlet.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Press the Power button to turn on the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                &lt;/steps>
            &lt;/remedy>
        &lt;/troubleSolution>
        &lt;troubleSolution>
            &lt;remedy id="clean">
                &lt;title>Cleaning ink cartridge&lt;/title>
                &lt;steps>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Raise the printer cover, remove the print cartridge on the right, and
                            then lower the cover.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Follow one of these steps.&lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;choices id="choices_kql_wgh_wmb">
                            &lt;choice>If the light is flashing: Open the printer cover, replace the
                                print cartridge that you removed, and then remove the other print
                                cartridge. Proceed to step 3.&lt;/choice>
                            &lt;choice>If the light is off: There is a problem with the print cartridge
                                that you removed. Proceed to step 3.&lt;/choice>
                        &lt;/choices>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Manually clean the print cartridge.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>After cleaning the print cartridge, reinsert it into the printer. If
                            the light continues to flash, replace the print cartridge.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                &lt;/steps>
            &lt;/remedy>
        &lt;/troubleSolution>
        &lt;troubleSolution>
            &lt;remedy id="ink">
                &lt;title>Replacing ink cartridge&lt;/title>
                &lt;steps>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Turn on the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Make sure to load the printer with plain, white paper.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Gently grasp the handles on either side of the printer and raise the
                            ink cartridge access door until it locks in place.&lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;stepresult>The carriage moves to the center of the printer.&lt;/stepresult>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Wait until the carriage is idle and silent before you proceed.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Lift the lid on the ink cartridge slot, then gently push the lid back
                            until it stops.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Pull up on the ink cartridge to remove it from the slot.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Remove one of the new ink cartridges from its package, being careful to
                            touch only the black plastic on the cartridge.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Remove the plastic tape from the ink cartridge.&lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;info>
                            &lt;note type="caution">Do not touch the copper-colored contacts or the ink
                                nozzles. Do not replace the protective tape on the contacts.
                                Handling these parts can result in clogs, ink failure, and bad
                                electrical connections.&lt;/note>
                        &lt;/info>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Hold the ink cartridge by its sides with the nozzles toward the
                            printer, then slide the ink cartridge forward into the slot.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Close the lid on the ink cartridge slot to secure the ink cartridge in
                            place.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Repeat the previous steps to install the other ink cartridge if
                            necessary.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Close the ink cartridge access door.&lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;stepresult>The printer automatically prints an alignment page.&lt;/stepresult>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Wait for the alignment page to fully eject from the printer.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Lift the scanner lid.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Place the alignment page with the print side down on the scanner glass
                            according to the engraved guides around the glass.&lt;/cmd>
                    &lt;/step>
                    &lt;step>
                        &lt;cmd>Close the scanner lid and touch OK.&lt;/cmd>
                        &lt;stepresult>The printer aligns the ink cartridges.&lt;/stepresult>
                    &lt;/step>
                &lt;/steps>
            &lt;/remedy>
        &lt;/troubleSolution>
    &lt;/troublebody>
&lt;/troubleshooting>
</codeblock></example>--> 
  </conbody> 
</concept>
