<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="localization-and-the-abbreviated-form-element">
    <title>Localization and the<xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> element</title>
    <shortdesc>Implementations that choose to use the <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> need
        to consider the effect on translation.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Design of the specialization</title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> and
                    <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> elements were designed to accommodate
                the following realities:</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Acronyms do not exist in all languages</dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p>An acronym in one language might not have an equivalent in another
                            language. In addition, languages have varying conventions for how an
                            expanded form of a term is displayed. When acronyms are first displayed,
                            some languages will display the expanded form followed by the acronym in
                            parenthesis, while other languages do the reverse. For some acronyms, a
                            translation might need to render both the original and the translated
                            version of the acronym. The <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement>
                            enables authors and translators to present a locale-appropriate expanded
                            form to the reader.</p>
                        <p>If a language does not have a acronym for a term, the translation of a
                            glossary entry topic might result in an empty
                                <xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> element.</p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Synonyms</dt>
                    <dd>Synonyms are specific to languages, so translation of a glossary entry topic
                        might result in empty <xmlelement>glossSynonym</xmlelement> elements.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Translation quality issues</title>
            <p>The use of <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> elements might have a negative
                effect on the quality and cost of the translation.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Most translation tools do not resolve key references. Accordingly, translators
                    might need to reference supplementary materials in order to understand the
                    content that they are working with.</li>
                <li>Because many non-English languages vary articles based on gender and case, a
                    simple programmatic insertion of an expanded form or acronym might yield
                    translations that are ungrammatical and awkward.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
