<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rendering-of-abbreviated-form-elements">
    <title>Rendering of <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement>
    elements</title>
    <shortdesc rev="review-a-2024">The <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> element is designed
    to work with glossary entry topics in specific ways.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>rendering
              expectations<indexterm><xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement></indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
    <conbody>
    <div rev="review-a-2024">
      <p>Consider the following scenario:</p>
      <p>A DITA publication contains several instances of <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement>
        elements. Each <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> element references the same DITA
        topic.</p>
      <p>The design intent is that processors use the following logic:</p>
    </div>
    <p>If the referenced topic is not a <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic or a
      specialization of <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement>, the title of the topic <term
        outputclass="RFC-2119">SHOULD</term> be rendered.</p>
    <p>If the referenced topic is a <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement> topic or a specialization of
        <xmlelement>glossentry</xmlelement>, processors <term outputclass="RFC-2119">SHOULD</term>
      render <ph rev="review-a-2024">the <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> element in the
        following ways:</ph></p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>First usage</dt>
        <dd>Render the contents of the <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> elements, if it is
          not empty. If the <xmlelement>glossSurfaceForm</xmlelement> is empty or does not exist,
          render the contents of the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Second and later usage</dt>
        <dd>Render the contents of the <xmlelement>glossAcronym</xmlelement> elements, if it is not
          empty. If the <xmlelement rev="review-a-2024">glossAcronym</xmlelement> is empty or does
          not exist, render the contents of the <xmlelement>glossterm</xmlelement> element.</dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <p>For an example, see the <xref keyref="elements-abbreviated-form/example">examples</xref> in
      the element-reference topic for the <xmlelement>abbreviated-form</xmlelement> element.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
