<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="task2" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Task elements</title>
<shortdesc>Task topics answer "How do I?" questions, and have a well-defined structure that
    describes how to complete a procedure to accomplish a specific goal. Use the task topic to
    describe the steps of a particular task, or to provide an overview of a higher-level task. The
    task topic includes sections for describing the context, prerequisites, actual steps, expected
    results, example, and expected next steps for a task.<draft-comment author="Stan Doherty"
      disposition="Closed">Remove the comma between "task," and "or". <div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 31October 2022</p>
        <p>It's been removed in the rewrite of the short description, or I most certanly would have
          made the change.</p>
      </div></draft-comment><draft-comment author="dstevens73" disposition="Completed">Add
      tasktroubleshooting to this list, which is otherwise complete.<div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 19 October 2022</p>
        <p>This short description has not been edited. I generated HTML5 output so that I could look
          at short descriptions for all the parallel container topics in this portion of the spec.
          They currently are quite inconsistent. Some refer to the purpose of the document type or
          domain (as does this one), but others focus on the elements (which matches the title of
          these container topics.)</p>
        <p>Before editing this topic, I want to decide on the pattern that we'll use for all such
          topics in the spec.</p>
      </div><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 29 October 2022</p>
        <p>Changed to read "Task elements provide the fundamental structure for task topics. The
          task topic includes sections for describing the context, prerequisites, actual steps,
          expected results, troubleshooting, example, and expected next steps for a task."</p>
      </div></draft-comment><draft-comment author="Eliot Kimber" disposition="Completed">General
      comment about short descriptions and using "user"<p>The rewritten short descriptions are often
        of the form "allows users to …".</p><p>I think these could all be rewritten to passive voice
        and avoid the use of "user" entirely, i.e. from "A step is an action that a user can take to
        complete a task." to "A step is an action that can be taken to complete a task".</p><p>While
        passive voice is normally distasteful and probably painful for us Technical Writers to type,
        I think it's the more appropriate construction in this context.</p><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 30 October 2022</p>
        <p>Marking this as "Referred. Noting that Eliot made similar comments (which I've marked as
          "Closed") in &lt;steptroubleshooting>, &lt;task>, and &lt;tasktroubleshooting>.</p>
      </div><div>
        <p>Kris Eberlein, 07 November 2022</p>
        <p>All instances of "users" in short descriptions have been changed to "people".</p>
      </div></draft-comment></shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>task elements</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
</reference>
